#two , #fidelis , #key , #legend 
%%*A tale concerning the mythical acts of Fidelis as she commands her peacekeeping force to rebel against all of Gather simultaneously, sparking the war and the second Gathering. Written in the fifth gathering, and edited in the 7th.*%%

In the time before life had bloomed, there was Gather. The Founder, in its infinite wisdom, had combined the greatest minds of the century in order to begin our Empire, and it succeeded. The strongest of all members was Lady Fidelis, a powerful empress who was coerced into joining. She didn't go down without a fight, however. No, when she was inducted in, she requested to have control of the Whetstones, a police force of Gather. These 'Stones were bastions of nobility and peace^[1], ensuring everyone within the realm could be safe and sound. Our story begins with one such peacekeeper, the mythical Jack, a soldier recruited by Fidelis in the early years before Gather bloomed as brightly. 

He was 3 meters tall and over 200 kilograms, an absolute tank of a man and a genius as well as a soldier. At first, however, he was appointed as a trainee, completing schooling in record time before joining the 'Stones. He was at the top of his class, with every excercise having one record or another set during his time there. All of his friends spoke highly of him, and his meteoric rise was survived by his descendants, numbering in the dozens of children and grandchildren, who he told his feats to and who passed it down until it came to you, those scions of Jack. Nary a soul hadn't heard of his tale, and he performed more arrests with more purity than anyone else in the Milky Way. Fidelis obviously took note. And so, when the Founder was murdered, likely by the devious Tempo, he was in the first wave of people contacted^[2]. Jack led a powerful troop into battle, slaying dozens of Tempi soldiers, as well as the Veritas researchers there before anyone could react. See, Fidelis knew that the Empire would dissolve, and decided to take in for herself before anyone else could, a brilliant plan that Jack agreed with.

[1]: The original Whetstones were corrupted heavily, with bribery running rampant.
[2]: It is worth noting that every 'Stone was contacted at once