#story, #two, #cathan
I threw the ball against the wall, and watched as it ricocheted wildly through the cramped confines of the cab. Never gets old. Space was a peculiar thing, the endless void surrounding you with its icy tendrils. Many people described the feeling of drifting as a weightlessness, but I disagreed. To me, it was true impact, the feeling of a thousand stars pulling upon you in every possible direction until you struggled to discern one way from another.  A content sigh leaked from my mouth as I mindlessly flitted around the displays aboard. With every second we remained away from any station, planet, or habitable zone in general, I could almost feel my bank account filling up. The very thought of providing transport to Veritas scum would have disgusted me in the past, but alas, a gal's gotta do whatever she can when times are tough. Several weeks ago, I was contacted by this motley litany of wealth, all seeking transport off Losh to some compound in the rim. Who would I be to decline? My coffers were wasting away while I languished in obscurity, waiting for anyone who would take notice to stop caring about me; to squash that little voice in their head saying I needed to be found, to be punished in an act of semi-divine retribution. Being notable wasn't a dream, it was a curse: it pushes it's bearers to the brink of insanity. Sometimes, out here in the void, insanity is all I have.
But of course, insanity won't pay the bills, and notable or not, everything living requires food (for now). I try to keep to myself and let me passengers do the same, though that assumes the presence of said passengers. As of right now, the ship is empty, nobody aboard except for myself and any cargo I happened to carry. Pulling up the navigation mesh reveals a dreary, yet comforting site: nothing but void for several light-years in each direction. I sit back and relax, letting my thoughts drift to my destination.
After a few days with nothing of note, I go to the pantries and grab supplies for my cabin. Some might call it paranoid to eat all of my meals in solitude, with nothing but a viewport and controls in front of me, but I think it's practical. A few months ago, I had some strange man aboard, seeking transport to the Capital of Cathan Goods. For obvious reasons, I didn't want to get anywhere near there, but I wouldn't mind bringing him to a Goods controlled outpost. We got to talking in the stretches between the stars,  and I learned some very interesting things about the state of the universe. Not much of it mattered in the long run, though. Within a year after his departure, half the information was obsolete, and the other half was liable to be incorrect in another. He did make good company though, unlike the woman aboard right now. Much like him, she's seeking a Cathan outpost, though I was instantly suspicious of her motives when she boarded. No respectable pilot would let passenger's aboard without searching, or at least x-raying their cargo, and I'm nothing if not slightly acceptable. It was... odd. Every time I looked, it seemed to be a different cargo, and she seemed to have changed. Finally, I snapped. I waited until she was asleep and searched her room, finding several dozen passports from each of the Big 7 regions. Something was extraordinarily wrong. I felt no remorse when I threw her out of the airlock, and her possession's would have netted me a good few months of provisions had I not cleared out my stores from whatever she must have poisoned them with. I'm on spectacular terms with Cathan officer's in my home system, and they were not at all opposed to apprehending her from the bowels of my cargo hold. Some might have felt guilt, but why would I? She's a spy, trying to destroy them, and for that, I love her. Who cares if love leads to prison? Shouldn't you let go those who you love? I can tell we're at Losh, the stars themselves are my guide when it comes to space; it's always been a bit of a second sense. They talk sometimes, and when I'm alone, I love to listen. As I drift away to sleep though, I feel as if one of my passengers is watching me...

