#story, #two, #veritas, #cathan 
To say he was outraged would be an understatement. In front of [Josiah](The%20Fall%20and%20Rise%20of%20Gather/Information/Notable%20Characters.md#^2faa7e) laid a human male, of an astounding 7'3" height. It seemed to be stripped of any personality whatsoever, the very organs being laid out as if someone tried to reconstruct a human from a standardized textbook. Those at Cathan had taken it too far, bastardizing genetics themselves in an attempt to create a "pure" soldier to defend their shipping. Veritas was different. He cared, deeply, for everyone working for him. Trillions had gone solely into research, development, and production of the armor and weapons needed to ensure survival in this cold, cold universe. Gather was supposed to be better than this. Ever since that fateful day, Josiah was always striving, reaching out to grasp the sun. But much like Daedalus, he had pushed beyond his bound
aries. The very technologies used to establish superiority had made Gather a target. And now... It was all Veritas could do to defend his workers, nay, his family against the harsh embraces of the other 6 members of Gather. But in his territory, Veritas was king, ruler of all. Every micron of every laboratory he had established was dutifully monitored and observed, if not by him than by one of the hundreds of thousands of employees he maintained across his little pocket of the universe. It was complete control. And it was his.
Josiah first started with the brain, peeling away the scalp and skull to reveal the soft, swollen matter beneath it. At first glance, the brain seemed to be nothing but tumors, every part of the man's flesh seeming fetid upon inspection. He dug deeper, and he watched as the brain seemed to unfold; the tumors were revealed to be bruises and lesions from implanted wetware that struggled to grow through the head. It seemed as if a computer was directly wired into the optical nerve, brainstem, and who knows what else. The fibrous mass was fully integrated, and even connected to bone conduction plates for audio. An entire communications system, implanted in a brain from birth. It was sickening. None of these soldiers were given a choice, just constant conditioning and surgeries until they became the perfect weapon.
In that regard, Cathan had succeeded. Despite their disagreements, and her crimes against humanity, Josiah had to give her respect in that regards. The skin of the man was thick, argyric, almost scaley in its nature. His mouth was fused to his nostrils, covered by more of the skin, undoubtedly meant for holding in air against vacuum. Everywhere he looked across the body, there were holes, openings that could dilate and contract at will to regulate airflow. Inside was the effect.
Tubes seemed to connect to every centimeter of the skin, feeding into a large mass shaped vaguely like lungs. By his estimates, they were almost four times the size of those in humans. The organs distorted around the pair, with the heart and kidney almost shoved to the side from the pressure. The heart itself could only be defined as well-muscled: it also seemed larger than the average person's. Covering the wretched assembly was the memory of a ribcage, what looked like fragments that slotted into each other, allowing for unparalleled flexibility and protections. The bones were thick, sturdy, with little room for bone marrow. As a result, the entire skeleton alone would have weighed around 300 pounds, excluding the other organs. The stomach was missing, as well as the intestines and the liver, replaced by some organ that seemed to do the job of all 4 with an extremely specific type of food. Or fuel, Josiah should call it, given how far these creatures differed from humanity. 
Repulsed, he turned away, and steadied his breath before calling in his senior researchers to take away the corpse. A more detailed autopsy would be performed, as it should have from beginning. Despite being a man of rigid procedure, Josiah had intervened this time; he needed to see Noelle's sins for himself. A steely resignation gripped his heart: this had to end. Now. He couldn't stomach the thought of allowing it to continue any longer. With a chest filled with grief and determination, he began moving his legions towards[[Shipped into Oblivion | Albireo]]: the last known location of Noelle Cathan.