#story , #two, #key, #cathan, #veritas
You remember standing there, on the bow of a grand carrier, observing the war that took place. Dimly, in your head, you wondered if it could have been avoided. Before that thought could take root though, you shook it out. You weren't paid to think, only to act. And act you shall.  As the viewport seems to crest the corona of the system's sun, you steel yourself in your righteousness. Cathan Goods, above all else, must be protected. Comfort reigns supreme, a casual ease of mind that comes with practice, honed since birth. Your mind is alight with the sheer expanse of possibilities offered to you, and you sort through them without a care in the world. Well, with one care. Deep inside your eye of minds lurks an image of a pond. You don't know where it is, or even where you saw it, but there lies an utter certainty, an utter weight of importance instilled within the pond. Whilst your compatriots and you fight, exposed to the elements to feel every bite of your environment, you occasionally steel yourself with glances towards that inner pond, calming your mind. For this reason, you idly quirb[^1], you've stayed alive longer than almost anyone you know.
A siren pulls you out of your contemplative bliss as the ship begins entering the orbit of the battlefield, a moon, strangely devoid of craters. Someone wiser than you might make a connection between the lack of an asteroid belt with this, but you can't focus on that right now. It seems, after all, in this advanced age, the only thoughts that run through your mind anymore are that of combat and that of the pond. You try and remember again what the pond is, and why it's so important to you, but a voice from all around halts you in the track.
"Listen up!" the voice intones, dull yet filled with depths of meaning, importing feelings of rushing and urgency. Semantic processing technology allows for a complex series of neurotransmitters and brain tissue to be rapidly stimulated, allowing for nuanced communication without intense language. Despite saving hundreds of lives daily with the dirges of context provided, it is often ignored, or chalked up as 'empathy' to those who benefit the most from it. You, of course, are no different. "We land in less than 5 minutes!" The general doesn't need to raise her voice, the processing takes care of any loudness. It still hurts your ears, though, with the volume, despite there being no difference from normal squabble. Within your skull lies several dozen plates, designed for anything from a display thrown down your optic nerve to bone conduction for sound processing. The Cathan mindset is [[Superiority through Purity]], and since the very first shipments went out through Cathan Goods, the prime benefits of humanity were embraced. In your case, you prepare to fall from the brazen skies above Losh and engage in warfare until your very bones give out. The same content emotion fills you, and you feel your strength seemingly redoubled before the prospect of engaging with filthy Veritas troops with your pure forces. You are positive, would bet anything on it in fact, that your brothers-and-sisters-in-arms would agree with you, and the room seems abuzz with ambition. Ambition, that oh-so-powerful emotion that's driven you to the heights you stand at today. You know that one of the paragons of ambition, [Noelle Cathan](Overview%201#^251a3e) herself stands at the top of a peak in the center of the battlefield, commanding her troops through serene tranquility. She's a direct pacifist, wouldn't hurt a fly herself, but when it came to orders... They're all just numbers on screens, aren't they? The Calamity drove a wedge between her and Veritas. Despite their entanglement, here you were, fighting against soldiers equally devoted to Veritas. Those idiots. You're always told you're just a pawn, but when you're sitting there, looking at your pond, you question, "Does it matter?" The thought slips away, and you ignore it further as you draw near. Within your flesh lie all that's needed to survive this descent ([[Vivisection of a Disaster]]).
You're assured by your sheer capability, by the resolute knowledge that nothing you could possibly face could hold a candle to your precise biology. It would never even occur to you to scan the faces of those in front of you, not the soldiers you'd trained with for decades now, but the technicians and doctors rushing around the drop pods with fear oozing off of them. Suppose a normal person saw that. Suppose someone who wasn't designed and bred for the sole purpose of warfare saw the utter lack of confidence in their strength in the face of a greater adversary. They would be terrified. But you remain oblivious. As the sirens begin screeching with an intensity unseen in the bay before today, you steady yourself with thoughts of glorious combat in front of you. With a start, however, you're torn from your concentration by that very same pond. The pond, so tranquil and quiet, seems to sap away every ounce of care you have left within you. It takes a herculean effort to rip your mind away from it, but you manage. Still, though, the burning impact of it's tranquility begins worming itself into your mind. As you begin to let yourself ruminate, a jolt travels through your body, and you remember where you are and why all of the civilians left. 
Space. It surrounds you, filling you with a chill through your bones. You almost smile before catching yourself, remembering not to let the faintest crack in this façade of security let in the vacuum surrounding you. Or at least, a vacuum at first. Around you, you can almost smell the joy of your fellow soldiers as you tear through space faster than any normal human could hope to go. The only indicator you have of any movement at all is the ship, distantly receding behind you. If you were to close your eyes, you doubt you could tell the void apart from the warm ground you were on but mere moments ago. The confines of your flesh, reinforced with every manner of genetics known to mankind, hold your consciousness in, a bubble in this uncaring sea. Below you, Losh enlarges, rushing at your face with a primal instinct, a pull of gravity forcing the two of you closer together. Everything is blissfully quiet, and you feel yourself relax. Then, heat blisters from that sweet void.
Above you, the ship has travelled far, far past. Whilst you've fallen and drifted, ballistically heading towards a battlefield, a not-quite-human missile aimed at the throats of Veritas, the head of the fleet has continued towards the conflict in orbit. Your body is alight with flames as you parse through the data on your optic nerves. Clothing, and armor, is irrelevant, any extractions would merely get in the way of the pure unbridled perfection that is humanity. Your sole goal is to recover Cathan using any means necessary. As you burst through the thin veneer of air coating the exceptionally large moons surface, you can feel your muscles tense up as you prepare for the impact.
In the last second, nay, microsecond before crashing into the ground, your entire body goes limp. You plow into edge after edge of crater after crater, ending only when your tumble slows to a crawl. As you stand, a crack from the distance reaches your ears. It's only after the fact that you realize a Veritas sniper hit you in the midst of your plight, and is undoubtedly readying their aim again. They know what you are, now. They know what to expect. Before another shot has a chance to hit you through the screeching atmosphere of bloodshed, you're moving, your limbs lighter than a feather as you speed across the land. Oxygenated blood rushes through your muscles and out the hole from the bullet as you pump your legs harder and faster yet in a desperate rush to beat out the sniper. Within half a second, you've crossed the 100-meter expanse and grasp the Veritas' neck within your hand. A squeeze is all it will take. You feel your body taking over, performing the actions on autopilot as the pond encroaches on your awareness. For once, you feel something other than the placid calm of superiority. Despair. Within a moment, though, the pond leaves, and you are aware of the battlefield again.
Looking back down, you collect the weapon of the sniper and sling it over your shoulder. 3 meters provides immense leverage, even if the weapon itself is useless to you. You resume a light jog towards your destination, staying as low as possible in the bounding gravity and aggressively scanning the horizon for anyone else who dares to stop a Cathan elite. 6 more dare. You're dimly aware of time slipping on by you, the seconds oozing away as you draw nearer and nearer to your destination. In your peripheral vision, you can't but notice the lack of friendlies on the field. In another time, if you were a different person, you would have grieved for their loss. But now is not that time; your focus sharpens to a point as your entire being devotes itself to one task. **Protection.** Your stride lengthens until your legs begin eating up the distance, each monstrous step covering dozens of meters as you propel yourself forwards, faster than you feel you've ever moved before: dimly though, you correct this; within seconds you seem to be at your location, but with every pull of your lungs you're reminded of the cost. This isn't right. Something is exceedingly wrong. You are a Cathan, a warrior forged in the very catalytic cocoons that the shipping empire maintains, a being designed solely for combat. To lose yourself to desperation, to the ambition of being the one to save Noelle herself is unbecoming, to say the least. You begin tearing through your wetware, seeing if any part of your system has been compromised, but find nothing. No, you do find someone. A deficiency not of the technology, but of yourself, the user; within you lies the seeds of ambition so embraced in the leaders of society but despised in mindless servants like yourself. It sickens you, this idea of being "destined" for leadership. So instead of finding solace in these delusions of grandeur, you blunt your senses with blunt force, batting the rifle you obtained against your arm to ground yourself. The sheer depths of emotion associated with pain surging through your system instantly brings your attention to Losh, sharpening your senses all the while. Despite being "low-tech," the practice of using pain to release floods of endorphins and adrenaline is standard within the Cathan military. 
Coming to your senses, your eyes skim atop the peak some 3 kilometers ahead of you. All around it, and all around you, in fact, lie soldiers and mercenaries from a variety of companies; you despise mercenaries, those pitiful fools willing to throw away their lives and value for a payday, their armors and weapons serving as futile stopgaps against the inevitabilities of combat; to be bared against the world as pure as can be is an euphoric glory known only to Cathan troops: these mercenaries are no further removed from it than a starfish from a squid. The only thing you have in common is the medium of battlefield you both move through. But in cases like these, their support may ensure the difference between success and destruction, and your life would be the merest token you'd provide to prevent the latter. As you draw neare


[^1]: quirb (v) : the act of processing a thought without focusing on it