#story, #two, #cathan
I threw the ball against the wall, and watched as it ricocheted wildly through the cramped confines of the cab. Never gets old. Space was a peculiar thing, the endless void surrounding you with its icy tendrils. Many people described the feeling of drifting as a weightlessness, but I disagreed. To me, it was true impact, the feeling of a thousand stars pulling upon you in every possible direction until you struggled to discern one way from another.  A content sigh leaked from my mouth as I mindlessly flitted around the displays aboard. With every second we remained away from any station, planet, or habitable zone in general, I could almost feel my bank account filling up. The very thought of providing transport to Veritas scum would have disgusted me in the past, but alas, a gal's gotta do whatever she can when times are tough. Several weeks ago, I was contacted by this motley litany of wealth, all seeking transport off Losh to some compound in the rim. Who would I be to decline? My coffers were wasting away while I languished in obscurity, waiting for anyone who would take notice to stop caring about me; to squash that little voice in their head saying I needed to be found, to be punished in an act of semi-divine retribution. Being notable wasn't a dream, it was a curse: it pushes it's bearers to the brink of insanity. Sometimes, out here in the void, insanity is all I have.
But of course, insanity won't pay the bills, and notable or not, everything living requires food (for now). I try to keep to myself and let me passengers do the same, though that assumes the presence of said passengers. As of right now, the ship is empty, nobody aboard except for myself and any cargo I happened to carry. Pulling up the navigation mesh reveals a dreary, yet comforting site: nothing but void for several light-years in each direction.