#story , #seven 
In the 37th year of his life, Cathan Isaac decided to return home. It had been ages since he visited his mothers on Ferve, the small moon he grew up on. The town wasn't much, but Cathan Goods still kept it in it's logs, and Novus engineers still provided maintenance on the power supply. Or at least they had when Isaac had left; it had been almost two decade since then. Isaac had moved away at his mothers' insistence, they told him that an entire universe was out there for him to explore and discover. In his case, the universe was merely a Dyson station a few systems over, good ole' 1783. The station was middle-aged at this point, at least compared to other Dyson stations. Still, it was closer to the core of the galaxy he was in, and most would call it Gather proper. If many were left. The last number he had seen placed the population of the Andromeda Galaxy as less than 100 trillion. Astonishing, really, considering how that many people used to live there. Here on the edge of civilized space, reality itself seemed to blur at times, with people being few and far between. He had always hated it growing up; felt like being alone in an endless world with no one else to hear you. But if there was one thing that made it all right, it was Clair, his birthplace and perhaps favorite city in the world. Population 80, give or take 10, Clair was nothing more than some homes, three (incredible) restaurants, and a town hall where meetings were held. Isaac's birth was a grand event, performed by the town medic, an elderly doctor for whom Isaac was named after. He was a great friend of Isaac's mothers, and had been a staple of the town since even before they were born. It truly was a place that felt like home.
So it came as no small surprise that when Isaac asked the clerk at the station for transport to Clair, she couldn't think of a such a place existing. She even tried looking his parents up in the Cathan Goods database, but it seemed to be suffering corruption out here. With an apology, she asked him for the coordinates and checked with the four or so pilots in the area. Thankfully, one agreed to take him, and he even said the name sounded familiar. It came as a complete shock when they arrived to the location and the planet was just... gone. It wasn't even that far away! Isaac's mind struggled 