Grace trudged across the murky sands of... wherever this was. Her only companions on this desolate planet of regolith and little else. With one key exception. Strewn haphazardly across the landscape were buildings, monumental structures towering over all else, their shadows' edges pitch black from the setting sun. Her every footfall kicked up dust into the air, where it settled in areas untouched by millennia. It had to be her favorite feeling in the world. She couldn't remember the last time she had seen another person, but it didn't bother her. Rather, she relished in the feeling of total solitude; uncovering the lost patterns and stories within the annuls of history, unperturbed in her entirety, was where most of her thinking was done. The quiet surrounded her, letting her sink into her thoughts with perfect clarity. In the past forty years of her exceedingly long life, Tempi Grace had been completely alone. In some of the old texts she had drudged up during her travels, she had pieced out descriptions of "professions," tasks which one would devote their entire lives to. To her, the idea was foreign, and seemed like an awfully dull way to waste away the years of one's prime. But alas, further consideration lent her the understanding that some may consider her passions to be a job of sorts, what with the constant discovery through monotony lent to her by exploration. And so, here she was, trudging through the murky depths of night on this backwater planet in the middle of nowhere. She supposed backwater was relative; relative to something she couldn't quite remember the term for. Regardless, she liked the way the old words slipped off her tongue, and relished the feeling of speaking it aloud as she attempted to piece together it's history, as if enough repetition could draw out the latent meanings in every time it had been spoken in the past. It was an old tradition, from the station she came from, to speak the words of dead languages: she adhered to that if not anything else. As was custom, she ensured she kept one tradition alive[^1], despite not knowing if anyone from her birthplace was around to partake in the antiquity.
Her footsteps took her to the foot of one of the buildings: her initial estimates placed it to be a little over 70 meters high; its faded shadow blocked out the land for quite some distance behind her. The building consisted of an entirely flat grey metal, faceted at some equal distance with sharp rectangles, standing out only by virtue of being inset by a few centimeters. Furthermore, there were glorious columns adorning each side regularly, set out no large distance from the buildings base; upon these were depicted figures standing proud in their resplendent glory. The pillars meandered, taking an organic spiral course as they wound around the side and met at a connected plane on the roof. Along the sides of the first floor, it seemed as if there were intricate artworks, cut off neatly halfway down their sides. Of course, before Grace entered, she poured a quarter flask of the grey sludge she had prepared for this excursion onto the ground, before drinking the other quarter. [^2]Following this, she began to excavate, digging out a hole large enough to fit through in front of where the door should be. She left about a centimeter of the stony dirt between her site and the wall, letting it crumble naturally off, and assisting with her hands when necessary. Finally, after an hour and the daylight had passed, the door was exposed. With a steely breath, Grace opened and walked into the tower. 
Inside, there was an extraordinarily tall room, the rectangular slits transparent from the outside revealing themselves as one-way windows. The entire room was alight with the slightest reflection, every surface being designed to capture light and redistribute it around the entire room. with every second she spent there, the light grew brighter as two of the planet's moons rose in view of the panes of metallic glass. A deep rasp escaped her trembling breath as she marveled at the splendor. Her footsteps echoed through the room, it seeming to come alive with echos and light as her trot progressed. The foyer was a room for hundreds, and she struggled to imagine how much of a orchestrated chaos would be preformed  for it's daily audience. Grace could only wheeze as she looked up towards the engraved balconies and chandeliers that made up the ceiling of the entrance. This was no mere building, she wanted to conclude. It was a work of art. But her mind reassured her, this wasn't the first mundane building decorated brilliantly, and it wouldn't be the last. As she stood in what was likely an office complex, her mood plummeted by the minute. Despite all the beauty, she was the only one there to see it; no one had or would come in the ages to follow. The ruin of Gather! How much despair it brought to its descendants, those motley few left alive in a un


[^1]: To keep culture alive,  of course.
[^2]: [Customs of the Seventh Gathering](Customs#%5Eab4844.md)