#story, #one, #cathan, #key
%%*Story about Noelle Cathan's induction into Gather, as well as her one-sided rivalry with FIielis, including her attempted assassination attempts*%%

You had been young then, a girl of perhaps 2 or 3 or some other age, but it didn't matter. What did matter was the man standing in you and your parents' room, holding a length of cable out in front of him with menace radiating. Terror filled you, the same as it did now when you remember this memory, as he stalked up to your mother in bed and began to draw close. You tried to cry out, but no sound escaped your dry and tortured throat. Everything becomes hazy at this point, as the man began strangling your mother with the wire, placing a gag in her mouth and holding her down with his knee. She didn't even put up a fight, passing out a few seconds into her execution and you were helpless to do anything as the man walked over to your father and repeated the process. Your mind was numb; you were only a child, useless and unable to act. And so you watched as your parents' lives were sapped out, one after the other. 

You were only 6. An orphan, left alone in a cruel system. Your parents had moved to Rhyne, one of the new colonies opened up after the Kuiper drive was developed, and you were a result of the journey. There wasn't any precedent for a person born in between two places, and as a result, you became both a citizen of Rhyne and Ireland, a child strung between two legalities.. After your parents death, monks took you on, the order of Roth deciding you would be best served there. Their religion was... odd, as they believed in the unreality of the universe, and hoped that through complete unobservance and silence, they could make changed on a local scale. Nobody talked to you, everyone tried to make themselves as unseen as possible. But there were teachers, people who would leave books behind for you to study, or those who would take an interest in the child and send you other things for entertainment. Despite not believing in their universalist bullshit, you still obeyed some tenets, such as absolute pacifism. You were taught to affect the universe as little as possible, only indirectly doing anything. Don't make your bed, they'd tell the small child on the breif occasions when she would corner a monk, have someone else make it for you, or simply let the bed make itself. For obvious reason, almost nothing got done around the monastery; it was the perfect life for a lazy kid.

You were not lazy. Every day was a struggle, as what started as a game to play, a hide and seek of sorts, becomes a torturous isolation. It's a race, with you being forced to adapt and the monks expanding the monastery to maintain separation. You're not the sole reasons, tourists are more frequent, but the building expands, stretching over kilometers in an infinite tangle, a maze with no end. It is enough to drive one to insanity. Meals appear for you, thrice daily, and when you protest by not eating or refusing to drink, you'll find yourself in a hospice room one day after passing out, no nurses in sight. At 7, you try and escape, but can't find a door. Eventually, you leave through a window, but the biting cold chases you back. The building has expanded, and what seems like a simple church expands into a tangled web of tunnels and rooms and god[^1] knows what else. It's chaos, a nightmare in architectural form, splitting paths branching apart and into each other and around caverns and caves that you think are natural are some form escape but they're not, they're part of the building, sculptures of nature providing an encapsulated experience. You begin to hallucinate, seeing doorways that aren't there, or maybe they are and someone decided to mirror a room through an arch, you can't even tell anymore, but people start appearing, people and things, and even though part of your young brain knows that nothing is there you don't care, you just want someone to talk to, something to do, something to break the chains of monotony. You teach yourself, diving into books with fervor, eating the meals made with ingredients that come from something, listening to imagined teachers recap your knowledge. There are materials littered around the monastery, a full suite of everything needed to make arts and crafts or rooms or furniture or sculptures or books or anything the mind can think of. If you like something, you hang it in your room, a seemingly nodal place connecting important tunnels. If you don't, you throw it away, leaving out your work for it to be repurposed; they sometimes sell it, you found a financial ledger once that 7 year-old you struggled to understand but remembered easily- you parsed it out when you were older. And oh! The art! It adorned the walls, abstract pieces gracing the grand halls with their presence until you feel lost in yourself, more of the monastery's chaos. Nothing says you can't observe others, only that you yourself should strive for unobservence, passively bearing witness to the world. 

You eventually find a few monks who you can nail down their positions, but the inherent chaos in their mindsets make it tricky. You realize that you're the same, despising order and mediocrity. At this point, the books have become more intense, with you speeding through them. The insanity is your friend, schizophrenia being a constant accomplice. Sometimes, your parents show up, and talk to you for a while. You mostly ignore them- none of it matters, not when you have things to do and places to be and anything to avoid stagnation. On your eighth birthday, a fiddle, beautifully handcrafted and shipped from Earth (according to the labels) is presented to you, one of the only times you directly confront a preist without catching them. It becomes your most treasured possession, with the sheets that appear and the books and even just your imagination providing ample opportunity to learn to play. Music soon fills the halls, bringing joy to any travellers. People scare you, their patterns falling into place, their chaos only briefly shining through and confusing you when you feel that you understand them, unstable beings positioned halfway through being formless or being logical. They astound you. From your positions of observation, you love to stare at them, sketching any people that walk by the raised balconies in a stupor, astounded by the majesty of Roth; it reminds you of that oh-so-faint memory of childhood, when your parents were murdered and you could do nothing but observe. It would have peaceful, if not for that, if not for those recollections creeping in and ruining your days. You would sometimes follow tourists, playing the fiddle from behind the walls and trusting the glorious acoustics to do their work. It seemed to charm them more than anything else. 

From these observations came beauty. It suffused every aspect of your life, building up in a glorious crescendo of the human body- what was, in your opinion, the purest and sweetest thing you had ever seen, the tapestry of anatomy being splayed out in books and in life, a machine ticking on by without intervention, only the very outside perturbed and observed; you would spend hours studying people and watching their muscles move or their chests rise as they breathe, watching the veins open and close, the eyes twitch around in saccades, the air flowing in and out and around the room until you can almost taste the foreign dioxide suffusing your lungs. It truly is magnificent. You would sit there for days at times, food appearing out of nowhere to sustain you as you studying, comparing diagrams to living specimens and watching people move. The other glorious thing. Logistics was the anatomy as heaven is to itself. They are one and the same, grand systems designed for moving something from point A to point B, with life and money as counterproducts, respectfully. Within the halls, things had to move, some automated, others done manually by servants the monks hired (who had money mysteriously wired into their accounts upon doing a small task and continuing to recieve salary until the monastery was all they knew), until a nework formed, knit patterns of connections establishing themselves to keep Roth running. Rooms continued to be added on, you would constantly discover more until you decided to make a map. Every day, you would wander, recording the paths on a holographic display that allowed for 3d drawing. It started as crude, but a pattern began to emerge the more you wandered. The building was impossible, it shouldn't be able to work- at this point, the monastery would have curled upon itself in terrible ways until nothing was left, but it continued. You became concerned, returned to asking for monks to speak with, even began to dig your own tunnels and rooms. Even accounting for the planet's curve didn't cause it to make any sense. No, it seemed like the more it expanded, the further around Rhyne it got, the larger the monks pushed out these hallowed walls, the more painful things seemed, moving seeming to pull on your skin and flesh until it felt like if you ran you'd be torn to shreds- you tried throwing a ball, once, as hard as you could, and sure enough, the seams were distressed at the end as if a giant had been grasping it tightly and trying to rip it asunder. The clergy was more and more infrequent, with you sometimes going days without seeing anyone, and the tourists follow, at least for a time as they grow concerned with the properties; you sense a shift as the monastery is rebranded as some ancient place with it's geometry being a result of the holy procedures carried out, as if non-interference alone could distort space in such a way. Music fills your ears as you play and play, long, winding melodies that you improvise on the fly, dissonant pieces filled with emotion as you rasp against the strings, playing slowly and quickly and every other way until you feel as if the violin would explode in your grasp. Many would consider you a terrible player, yourself included, but it still comforted you, the simple melodies that you tried to play before even a decade of living sounding beautiful to your young ears. Many times, in your old age later in life, you would revisit them, composing symphonies from the ones you remembered. 

You didn't notice your 9th birthday. All you can recall is hearing two people discuss an event, parsing through a halfway coherent map as they struggle to understand the monastery- the mention the date, then, and you realize another year of life had passed. No one presented you with a gift this time. You've noticed the groups tendency to focus on 2- powers of two, multiples of two, anything related to two, even the concept of evenness. It bothers you, for a while- feels too ordered compared to the chaos of your upbringing, but you grow used to it as another quirk of existence. Once, you inadvertedly indoctrinated a family, leaving one of the textbooks of the foundations of your philosophy out on a bench in a room exposed to the air, a brilliant beam of light shining down onto the marble fountain that you had sculpted with your tiny hands, one of the few efforts you had done with another person; a monk had been there, silently watching and offering nonverbal guidance when it seemed necessary until the room was nearly 10 times the size of an olympic swimming pool; every surface sparkling with wetness as water cascaded down over the walls and through streams and channels carved into the floors, a beautiful sight filled with greenery that had grown throughout; a private scene you would perhaps never see again judging by the rate of expansion. You had been lounging in a cubby, filled to the brim with cushions and pillows when the family walked in, "exploring and discovering" the "ancient mysteries of the order." They picked up the text, with the son being the first to read it, silently parsing through the introduction. You were bothered by them taking it, and the sheer audacity they had as if they owned the place, but it dissipated when you noticed the boy had stopped walking. The family did too, thinking he wanted a place to rest; after all, the cavern was beautiful, if you did say so yourself. Of the days they spent, the first was the most relaxing, as the curious boy read through the entire book while his family played in the ponds; during the second, the rest of the family read it, listening to the boy talk. It seemed to rope them in, with them clearly being unsettled by the contents until they tryed to resume their walking, the joy and casual conversation being removed. You followed them, watching through windows carved into hidden tunnels and passages with decorative slits in the floors, tracking the family as they began to quiet and drift apart with each other, seeming to wander more and more in meandering patterns that threatened to separate them- the only thing that could draw them out from their stupor as they realized splitting would occur and re-gathered the family. The map was abondoned as they proceeded in their walkabout, and they even began to avoid other tourists or families. After a full month, they were nigh indistinguishable from the other monks, sucked in by the passivity of the space.

You continued to work on your artistic skills, applying what you learned and what you found out through practice to the rooms you constructed- you didn't know why you expanded, of course, only that you felt a compelling urge, an unsettling force that made you want to leave without actually exiting the sanctuary- your skills steadily progressed, with several of your works being published in guides sold at exits or entrances, placed policed by overzealous tour guides or travel organizations- places where the most social of monks would kindly go and ask them to stop, and that failure to do so would result in the entrance being blocked off. It made sense to your mind, as you believed that the monastery should be free to all who wanted to enter, as they had plenty of resources. The stone that was excavated was sold, since most of the sanctum was underground. Rhyne had a particularly high-quality blend of marble, with quartz and crystals flecked throughout. The unusual rock was considered extravagent outside, but it was a daily thing for you. For a few months of your 9th year, you were a legend, a ghost or something similar who haunted the halls, with some even saying the pulling effect was due to you. At this point, you began to worry about that, actively trying to discover how to fix it, or even find out what it was. The physics eluded you, but you thought you could find a biological solution. Your ambition wasn't enough to sustain you, however, as you failed in your goal. So you pursued your other passion of logistics, combining it with the tenets of your learning in an attempt to further your own goals of philosophy and learning.

You began leaving packages around, devising sociological methods in an attempt to get people to carry them for you- you have no real goals in mind, except for ones you set for yourself. Pictograms work, diagrams of where they should go, at least for the small ones. They're susceptible to movement, as people can leave them in a different spot or even orientation and ruin your maps. So instead, you try and make digital maps, combining it with your data to create detailed insructions that anyone can understand, regardless of language. You wonder if it violates non-interference- at this point, you've become almost fully dedicated to the group; it all seems to click into place. Deciding that as long as there's a degree or two of separation, it's fine, especially since you aren't responsible for the deliveries, you simply leave a package with a map, it's not your fault people deliver it. For you, you're fine with changing the flow of things, as long as you do it indirectly. A new network is established, consisting entirely of unwilling volunteers, and since you have nothing better to do, you decide to utilize it to make relief stations. The place is large, and mostly has this feeling of abandonment. Despite nobody having ever died, there have been cases of people being lost without food who have to be rescued and escorted, unconsciously, by a monk outside of the monastery, where they're left in the wilderness with a pack containing a few months of rations, water, and a map back. Safety, among other things, is a main concern. But there's kilometers to cover, and only a few hundred devotees, so you figure that leaving supplies in more central nodes could be helpful. It had been a bit over a year since you slept in your room, as you spent most time travelling, walking from end to end and back again, climbing through the passages and exploring the unnatural caverns left by your siblings. No room in the monastery was locked, at least none of the normal ones, as they believed in the ultimate freedom of every being, and you complied, simply burying your chamber behind tight, weaving passaged, things that you carved out like butter with specialty tools. Within there, a second room was present, one containing a screen connected to beacons attached with each package, the code down by a freelance programmer who stumbled upon the mapping and parcel system and figured that a tracker could be neat- the laptop was stolen in the "night" while he slept, reverse-engineered and copied, and then returned to him before he woke from a partially drug-induced slumber; after all, you couldn't be responsible for something left by the water being pushed in. When he awoke outside, he might have been surprised to find his belongings neatly packaged and his body feeling healthier than ever. An order of doctors had emerged, silently connected through virtuous studies, and you yearned for nothing more than to join them, becoming part of the group seeking to retain order in these labyrinthine chao. 

Your works continue, spiraling out into shipping hubs and medical facilities, intricate analogue systems sitting in that pristine condition maintained by the monastery--dustless, rustless, and free of any corrosion or erosion. They connect to each other through what has to be the most straightforward paths through the compound, shots of arrows sticking out like a sore thumb. No direction is up nor down, no paths exist in reality; it is the perfect embodiment of Rothian Sociology. Every path makes no impact on any others 

[^1]: Note: Religious turns of phrases are acceptable, but only in the first two Gatherings. 