#fidelis , #one 
%%*Story of Mary's recruitment. It consists of Aevum and Tempi explaining how they disassembled her criminal empire. Ends with the Founder offering Fidelis a place in Gather as a peacekeeper force.*%%

The pavement thudded beneath Mary's feet as she ran through the crowded streets of Sydney. She was laughing, exceedingly happy as she played with the other children, 3 of them, all running through the alleys with a ball kicked between them. Football was a common pastime, and in that moment of bliss, Mary felt as if she would be happy forever. She was 10 at the time, a girl of young age with her entire life ahead of her, playing football, learning gymastics, doing tae kwon doe- sports payed for by her loving parents. Her father, an oil mogul who controlled almost all of Australia's reserves, was exceedingly fond of her as his only child, and did everything in his power to ensure she had a happy and peaceful life, never ostentatious but rather comfortable- he didn't want to spoil her, after all. Meanwhile, her mothers never lasted long; after her birth mother died, her father would constantly be bringing home more women, something she would later find out was due to seduction and coersion, anything to bring pleasure to himself and a matronly figure for his daughter. But Mary was young, and she didn't know nor understand the depths of her father's corruption. All she could think about in the moment was what she'd do tomorrow, or how her grades in school were.

By the time she entered secondary school, her teachers were calling her a genius, someone of unparalled strategical sense and intellect. In her first year, she managed to befriend nearly every student, becoming close and learning their secrets. But it was more than just popularity. She organized underground selling rings- simple things, like toys or trading cards, but all done under the noses of administration. Everytime she was caught, she either convinced the principal of her innocence or got her father to bail her out- he completely approved of her enterprise. So she continued profiting, and her empire expanded. 

Of course, high school changed all that. It would take time to set up her business again, and capital- neither of which she was willing to spare. At least, not at first. Everything changed when she discovered heroin. She didn't do it, of course, it wouldn't be worth it to sacrifice her life, career, and relationships. But she knew kids who would, people vulnerable to the fetid holes of addiction. And she knew kids with money, those who would take risks. So, doing what was best in this situation, she made friends. To the teachers, she was a model student; to her peers, she was a great, trustwothy person. And so when she hosted parties, mild enough for no parent to disapprove, and her father made friends, ensuring the adults would be none the wiser, it was easy for her to slip something into the punch and get her "friends" started on the new paths of their lives. Cocaine, Heroin, Alchohol- all of it could be theirs. For a price. She made thousands that first year, as she ruined futures and destroyed her school. The summer wasn't a barrier- her contacts persisted. But the second year? Everything threatened to collapse. 

A nosy teacher investigated the droughts of haziness affecting the student, and found Mary out. It was only natural, the teacher argued, for her to be paid for silence. Mary obliged, until the payments increased, until the teacher was breathing down her neck asking for more, asking for a cut of the business, asking for anything, anything Mary had until Mary could feel the pressure building up, feel the pain of stress, feel the urge to do something until she just snapped. She murdered the teacher, shooting her in the head with a gun obtained from a contact, dragging the body into the car and then dumping it into the river. The cadaver made a sickening noise as it splashed down. And she loved it. Inside her was an adrenaline rush, the thrill of the hunt catching up to her, threatening to consume her, threatening to destroy everything Mary loved with it's sweet grasp; it was exhilarating, really, to feel like she was always on the edge of collapse. So she maintained the empire, with a hint of homicide. Her friends who refused to partake were blackmailed, information from earlier finally coming into pay- those who still refused were exposed, with a couple being driven to suicide. And Mary got rich. She was able to hire staff, bypass the dealers and go straight to the source, anything it would take to get an edge on competition. Parents were none the wiser, nor was the school. The school was no longer able to contain her, with her choosing to expand into neighboring city areas. When her father found out about her business, and of course realized she was doing none of her product, he was exceedingly proud that his daughter was so brilliant. 

After graduation, Mary would already be considered rich, even without her father's money. Many of her customers were still dependent, and as long as they had cash, she would sell to them. She became one of the youngest leaders of organized crime in the world. But that wasn't the only thing that she was the pinnacle of. Over the years, she continued her fighting, mastering Tae Kwon Doe, getting a black belt, winning fencing tournaments, and doing whatever it took to get stronger, out of some primal urge. This wasn't unnoticed. While she had achieved wealth from her drug selling in high school, she had achieved fame from her wrestling and martial arts. She became known as the most formidable fighter on Earth, able to win practically any tournament or competition. This combined with the influence she commanded over a majority of Sydney, as she didn't stick to the poor addicts, but the wealthy as well, allowed her to quickly become an international presence. Each tournament she went to in other countries was a perfect opportunity to subjugate local gangs, mafia, yakuza, whichever it was, and instill her own branch. She became known to the public as Mary the Machine, and to the underworld as Lady Fidelis.

***

Mary Fidelis sat in her office, a glass cube at the top of the Spire, a luxury skyscraper in the heart of Melbourne. Every floor below her was filled with employees, going about their day to day life, helping set up PR events, performing charity, producing media, advertisements, everything and anything to make an empire- these people had families, loved ones and people they cared about that relied on them to stay alive, to live and thrive- all masquerading as people devoted to an import and export company, despite the products shipped usually being of the illegal sort. She had built this criminal empire up from the dust, and maintained an iron grip over it. Today, as she sat in the room, staring at the city she controlled, she heard a phone ring, and, with a sign, deigned to pick it up.
"What do you want?" She hissed into the phone, knowing whoever was on the other end had already been approved by her secretaries.
"Calm down Mrs. Fidelis! No need to be so uptight," a man's voice, likely around the age of fifty or sixty spoke into the mic. Instantly, her features softened as Mary sat back in the desk.
"Hey dad," she said, a loose relaxtion overtaking her. She continued: "Why did you call?"
"What, can't I check up on my favourite daughter?"
"I don't know, it just seems unlike you" 
She heard a chuckle and a cough as her father cleared his throat. She was right after all, he didn't normally call. He responded, finally, telling her, "I caught wind of a deal going on in Chicago, up in the US," she continued listening as she wrote this down, "My contacts told me that there's a gang trying to move in, and they have a shipment of opium coming to town that they plan to sell to gain a foothold." She began to send out messages through an encrypted message board distrubeted around her mafia, searching for more info.
"Thanks for the tip, dad"
"Anytime sweetheart!" 
She knew her dad loved her- after all, she was his scion, perfectly curated to inherit his mostly legal shipping empire; this, of course, was the same empire her mafia operated under. Most of the actual shipping aspects had been offshored to Cathan Goods, a recently opened freight company aiming to ship things *through space*. It would never work, and everyone in cargo knew it, but that [[Notable Characters#^251a3e]] damn woman in charge sure was good at micromanagement. Mary had mostly ignored the transport aspect, and instead focused on illicet activities; she was brilliant in this aspect. In this case, it seemed that the tip was right, as Chicago Railroad Inspection agents had found a mysterious package, and failed to report it on account of something that seemed like bribery from a distance- it likely was. She immediately scheduled a flight to Chicago, with a day's stopover^[1] in Miami to check on that branch in person. 

The flight went smoothely, with little turbulence. When it had landed in Miami, Mary was greeted by her branch manager, a person who was on-record as a regional manager for Trinity, Fidelis's shipping corporation. The US was stingy on international companies entering into theirs, and despite Australia being a friendly nation, Mary still thought it better to have a native lead the branch, even if that meant more checks to ensure they remained loyal. John Rogers was the perfect choice, with his parents killed a few months after he turned 17, forcing him to sell his body to keep living; he developed close connections with some of the members of the criminal world due to his service, and attracted the attention of Mary due to his willingness to do anything for cash. He had proven a loyal puppet, so long as Mary paid him more than anyone else. She walked up and greeted him with a handshake, firm, like her father taught her.

"How's the branch?" she asked, intentionally vague in case some were listening.
"Great!" John responded, "Sales are up, as you undoubtedly know, and we're thinking of spreading operations further up the coast."  Mary already knew all this- the only point was to confirm John was being truhthful. Unfortunately, he knew that she knew, and could only say what she wanted to hear; regardless, she believed him trustworthy
"Let's talk finances," she said, and began to walk towards a waiting car, soundproofed and reinforced until it was all but impenetrable.

The two discussed for about 6 hours, touring through the regional headquasrters of Trinity and witnessing operations. Miami was going smoothly, with extortion rings weaving around the city, drug sells up, and human trafficking being extraordinarily profitable; the existing gangs had been subjugated and assimilated into Trinity to help bolster Mary's numbers. Being assured that all was in order, she thanked John for his service, gave him a bonus, and waited in the airport to fly to Chicago. 

The airport was silent, with a seldom few passengers pausing, lounging around as they awaited arrival and boarding- whatever it took to get in the air and return home. It was cold in the airport, the fall weather chilling to the bone, despite the hearth of Florida usuaully being temperate; Mary supposed it came from AUstralia, a heat tolerance that reacted poorly to opposite conditions- so she was bundled up, in a long scarlet coat that trailed down, brushing against the floor and clipper her pants, a light grey pinstriped pattern with a matching vest, against a red shirt that complemented the jacket, or perhaps was complented by it, perfectly, topped off with no hat, but merely the short hair that was trimmed regularly; the plane still hadn't arrived yet, a voice could be heard faintly annoucning delays, but nobody really cared, the liminality encompassing them and supressing any strong emotions with its suffocating blanket. The windows loomed over the room, cold and open, agoraphobic in nature- the city, turning to night, scarcely glowed; the airport was in the middle of nowhere, relatively speaking, and so the view was of a gridlike expanse of lights glowing on the runways. Everything was silent. Until the plane arrived. In the stupor of tranquility, the few people boarded, shuffling to their seats with minimal small talk. Mary didn't even hear the announcmenets as they taxied forwards and lifted off.

But she certainly heard the cocking of a gun. In less than a second, she had ducked down, and scarcely in time, as a bullet hit the seat in front of her and killed the person sitting there. Chaos erupted as the dozen or so people began scrambling, trying to scramble away from the hitman who had hijacked the plane. The man was average, 5'9" and fit, but not muscular. He aimed at Mary and began to speak.
"Jo-" A second gunshot ran out, cutting him off. Behind the man was an air marshall, breathing heavily and clearly shrugging off sleep, a drink spilled over the seat behind him. With a thud, he passed out, whatever he was drugged with taking effect. It hadn't worked fast enough, for the assassin was dead. Somebody was after Mary, and if that idiot hadn't shot the assassin when he did, she would have known who. She shot a quick message to an associate, as well as John, to get a manifest of the passengers, attaching a photo of the man to ensure they could figure it out. Looking around to make sure nobody else was threatening, she sat back down and took a nap.
When the plane reached Chicago, 

1. find word
