#overview, #information 
## Description
The first golden era of Gather has ended. The Crèches are in decline, but are trying to recover. Ambition is the name of the game.

Dystopian Capitalism in a post-empire society, if that makes any sense


## Information

| Attribute  | Value                                                                                        |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Length     | 11800 Years                                                                                   |
| Technology | Cloning, Black Hole Engines (remnants), Dyson Spheres (failing), Matryoshka Brains (offline) |


## Cloning

^639685

A major plot element of the 5th Gathering. Various Crèches chose to deal with these iterations differently, with different populations putting more value on the individuality of clones and others focusing on the potential to "back up" a consciousness. 

### Aevum
When cloning was developed and the Crèches were made to vote, Aevum took a hard stance on the freedom of clones. In this realm of law and justice, the clones were considered their own people, and backing up personalities is highly illegal ([[Eternity in a Day]]). Using an iterative number in names is frowned upon, and it is constantly a source of inter-Crèche strife when outsiders bring their foreign names into the great stretches of territory. There was once a mass lynching when a specific Lucis Mary 1273 entered into a bar and requested a drink. The locals were not amused when Lucis Mary 1274 came into town the next day and requested the same exact drink.
See Aevum Courts

### Cathan
Clones exist within different societies as either an enhancement or a fallback, but are considered to be akin to a person aged. As a result, the higher one's clone number, the wiser they're perceived, except in areas with short-lived clones or prisons in which dying is seen a weakness.

# 5. The Fifth Gathering Overview
 
```ccard
type: folder_brief_live
```
 
