---
tag: five, story, cathan
era: 5
date: 7100
---
#five , #story , #cathan 
A hitch in their step caused the young person to trip, spiraling down the staircase in a stagger closer to falling than anything else. A timely thud of a hand enclosing their arm in a steely grip halted the momentum, preventing a bruise as much as anything else. And a stern glare from the man holding Rowan was all it took to cut off the cries of entrapment. The stairs were coarse, coated with a glossy finish that tricked the eyes and almost made them looker deeper than they were. It was of course, all show- an architectural (and political) power move as much as anything else. Pointless, really, to Rowan's young mind, but their forebears seemed to find it important. The spiral seemed endless, mirrors reflecting daylight down the bannisters in a seemingly infinite procession, with perceptions being coerced to slide off and rest on the center--a glorious pillar of light that shimmered with a separate color from that of Ergot, the affectionate name for the 3 stars that circled overhead Aviv's capital. Rowan usually would bask in this light, sliding down the banister whilst guards of all kinds ensured their safety. Today, however, they were in a rush, continuously tripping in the dual light of the staircase as they hurried to meet with their forebears for the last time in this life. Or incarnation, as some chose to call it. For Rowan- it meant the world as they would finally be freed from the burdens of aging and bodily pains as they were transferred into their true form, a brilliant, fully-grown body replete with all the enhancements money could legally buy inside Gather proper.

But none of that would matter if they showed up dead before they could even live. And yet, Rowan only dimly kept this in the back of their non-enhanced mind, eschewing the melancholic pallor of caution for a grimace of repressed joy. Putting the potentially fatal trip behind them, Rowan continued down the stairs in bounding leaps, with one step blurring into two into as their lengthy stride ate up the distance. The stairs became a smudge to their young eyes, the countless doors flashing by with nary a glance. And the further Rowan descended, the greater their smile became.

For many Guma, affording even the space to live was a life's undertaking, something to toil for in the scarcity emerging since being cut off. The lack of travel was crippling, the fall of shipping a nightmare. Sure, Cathan stepped in, schisms were restored, money reintroduced as a means of compensation and an oil to smooth the gears of society reaffirmed to pre-Gather conditions; and of course, the empire was looming over their heads with a discerning eye focusing on ensuring that peace was maintained. Rowan didn't care in the slightest about that shit. It was all politics, something to be learned from tutors: discussed once and never again. Rowan hated the intrigue that mucked around in their plans, choosing to leave politicking to any peers while they enjoyed their childhood. And as such, they blithely ignored the pleas of their fellow Guma as they proceeded down the 300-odd floors of the complex, a massive, sprawling palace that emerged subterranean and sprawled across the land like a delightful tumor, something that others could look up to.

Despite living in the capital, the cell-like buildings that rented to downtrodden souls scattered Altneu, mesh connecting their squat cubic meter of space to others in a beautiful, depressing mosaic of life impoverished. Wires crossed through the air, out of safety more than anything else, allowing anyone who so chose to fling themselves from the heights of squalor into the bustling streets below, catching a wire and allowing the g-forces to wrench their limbs out of socket, slowing their fall just enough to allow them to grab another and another until they reach the ground safely, re-set their limbs, and move alone with their day. For obvious reasons, humans preferred to take the stairs more often then not. Every pod was connected, motors allowing them to be shifted at will, a luxury for those with access to it that resulted in a minor inconvenience for those who freeloaded off their generosity (paying hardly less than nothing to live in the rooms) and a major boon to transportation. Aviv was a capital born from the pockets of Cathan- transportation and shipping uniting into an outpost with guma that, to this date, was the species' single largest source of income. The population was predominantly guma, most being young due to the high cost of cloning in these parts. Cathan, on the other hand, were ancient, practically, 