---
tags:
  - romance
  - outskirts
  - five
  - story
era: 5
date: 1200
---
%% A Painful love story. The main character, Kaia, is part of a psuedo-commune on the outskirts. They are abandoned, with no family name or crèche. The group have grown up in the arid wastes, with only a few adults. They subside off of selling crops, primarily paper and oriented strand board that's made from a gnarled, thorny woody bush. As such, the only thing the community has a large amount of is housing, creating dense sprawls of loosely maintained wooden shacks. This has been going for at least five generations. The story begins with Kaia being afraid of one of the men in the community, Lennox, who's around her age (22) and has been torturing and abusing her. Around this time, she ends up alone with him during a tax-collection raid on the shantytown. He proceeded to finally cause he to snap by pushing her arm into a machine resembling a woodchipper and having her manually deglove herself. The torture causes her resentment to fester into hatred against the psychopath, and she lashes out, taking the next time he goes to push her as provocation to beat him, not stopping once he's on the ground. Finally, to get revenge, she irreversibly maims his right arm, rendering him as an invalid. Lennox swears she isn't safe, and escapes into the stacks. A few days later, she's attacked in her sleep by a few of the other men in the community, and is in the process of being beaten before one of the other men her age, Hamish, comes to her rescue. He stabs one of the men, and runs away with Kaia, where the two of them fall asleep next to each other on one of the roofs. Thus begins a steady relationship, with Hamish protecting Kaia and ensuring she stays safe. This continues until the two of them are sparring and she's knocked down brutally. Hamish proceeds to reveal his true colors as a sociopath who's been using Kaia solely as a means to grow his reputation as a fighter and a lover, one that he means to use to go into politics after "accidentally" killing Kaia during sparring. He proceeds to stab her with a spear, pressing through her stomach and into the ground. At this point, Kaia blacks out, and witnesses Lennox and Hamish both living successful lives in between fits of delusion. When she comes to, she finds herself in a hospital, missing everything below the torso and the majority of her right arm. She's informed that someone had set her "corpse" on fire, causing irreversible damage to the arm and everything below the torso; Kaia is only alive because of rain that came through and left the wounds cauterized but beyond saving. Her life is broken, she's astronomically far from home, and she will never walk again. After being crushed by the suffering, she ends up contemplating suicide. The story ends on her sitting on a roof, debating whether or not to jump or check in to physical therapy.
Story begins in first person, reminiscent. Near the end of part 2, Kaia reveals it to all be her memories as she lays dying in the rain. After waking up/fever dreams, part 3 (epitaph) is in third person, with Kaia being followed by some shady observer.
%%

Part 2, Scene 1
It was paradise. The bruises melted away under Hamish's tender grasp, and with every massage, I could feel the memories melt too. It wasn't forgetting, per se--nothing could take away the flinches I felt any time someone muttered while standing next to me, or the pounding in my chest whenever the floorboard creaked during the night--but there was a distinct mellowing to my thoughts. Hamish had that effect; he mellowed people. It was astounding to watch as he would just stand still and the arguments would part like a sea crashing onto a rock. I guess that's what he was. My rock. My Hamish.

I've never felt a love quite like his. From the moment he first rescued me, it felt like a piece clicking into place, a lock sliding shut across the door and reassuring me of security. It felt right. Recovery is a slow and oftentimes awful process, but the worst part about it, so I've heard, is going about it alone. And I know, I keep emphasizing it, but it's impossible to express how... together I would feel when I was with Hamish. He offered me a measure of security in what had so far been a cruel and merciless world, and it only reinforced my wonder that he picked *me*. All I could think of were the times growing up when our hands would brush against each other, or he would walk in all worn down from pulling brambles and I would look at him and he would look back and I thought that nothing was there but now, all these years later, it was so easy to think that there had been something there, there had been a spark. 

It's funny, the idea of calling love a spark. A single spark can devastate our crop, ruining the lives of so many. A spark can burn down our entire station, forcing us to start anew. And yet, people never discuss sparks as a bad thing. All the old gossips say that the youth are consumed by the flames of passion, and yet they say it with laughs and crowing titters. And it's true that when I felt that heat suffusing my soul, I could only rejoice, for I was loved. 

"Kaia?" His voice suddenly snapped me out of my trance. I realized I had been staring, letting my tea grow cold even as his hands warmed mine. We were perhaps 70 meters above base at this point, sitting in a carved hardwood both as the server traipsed across the walkway with trays in hand. Every step seemed closer to a stumble than a calculation, yet the platter remained perfectly level compared to the slanted floor. Despite the tangle, the room was quiet even more so. 

I turned my attention back to Hamish and cleared my throat. His ey
