*%%A story set at an internment facility where a clone attempts to escape over an exceedingly long life.%%*
#five , #story , #cathan , #cloning
It was a short fall through the barren void of space, decrepit and desolate, isolating and cold, frozen and radiant, burning with effervescent light, hurtling with infinite movement, tranquility without meaning, causation without citations of meaning or relevance, turning through the vacuum in a thrall of momentum, pulling bodies into its warm embrace, sucking at the pitted surfaces of the crafts, sailing upon winds of stars, peaceful and violent: chaos in motion. Eryn 7, a station constructed in the heart of a moon- hollowed out for purposes beyond comprehension- flung herself through the night sky towards Forwards, a planet of moderate renown, marked only by the ever-present magnetic field that burns the very atmosphere of the planet. Thrash, a magnetar first discovered in the second Gathering's rapid expansion, provides harsh fields that  destroy both the prospects of technology and colonization of Forwards and generates bounties of magnets; glorious things with Curie temperatures higher than anything else extractable en masse, capable of generating immense forces, and exceedingly crucial to the stability of Gather: the Hollow Empire herself. Texts, recordings, and memories from the Fourth Gathering lend credence to ideas of magnets capable of moving entire planets with masses of only a gram, or densities impossibly high, things embodying the idea of attraction themselves they're so potent in the tales. And tales they are, as any of these miraculous materials are all but lost to the ravages of time, space, and trade: broken apart into smaller pieces, more crucial, more vulnerable, until the very dust that holds together Dyson spheres becomes remembered with a fade, as a fad upon the universe, a collective hallucination of technology irreparable by "modern" engineering. These magnets are gone. They will *never* return. But more must come, maintenance must be maintained, society must continue pushing forward; power will be served. So it comes as no surprise that Cathan Goods holds a stronghold on Forwards, absolved with the self-serving benefaction of good- feelings, emotions, and publicity in their entirety- that allows them to make absurd profits (⸮for isn't that the name of the game? the dust is blown away, the cracks are spreading, and a paste, a slapdash effort for a network of trillions to sustain an empire, is poured) on selling these magnets. Selling, transporting, it's all the same; magnets, like money or water, flow at the pace of honey. Everyone needs them, wants them, will get them: it's only a matter of how. Things happen, whether approved or not, and will continue to happen unless stopped, which is liable to never happen, despite happenings. 

Thrash thrashes Forwards, beats it mercilessly, and as such, destroys any foothold Cathan has on the mild planet. Their technology they so rely on fails, every loss signaling more than inconvenience; it forces a loss of wealth and power necessary, if not itself the point, of controlling Forwards. The planet rejects them, spits in the face of their subjugation, and as such, requires care in approach. Every contact by Eryn 7 is limited, as she can only contact Forwards through specialized equipment in their Helmholtz coils, beasts of metal engrossed in metal, projecting a desperate barrier that electromagnetic fields, including radio, microwave, or gamma rays can hardly pierce, active by nature but passive in their connotation; this contact comes only when the orbits intersect ever so slightly, bringing with it shipments, any food that can't be grown, shielded technology, materials, tools, clothing, textiles, and most importantly: clones. The lifebringing clones that enable colonization, enable labor, enable the extraction of magnets and the production of the greatest resource known to the Fifth Gathering, or at least one of the dozens; the clones themselves are the most potent of tools: they think only enough to live, are expendable, and they follow orders out of some sort of demented self-preservation. The higher a clone's number, the less respect they command; a system manufactured by the wardens of their narcissistic prisons to keep everyone in line. Control, after all, is the only thing more valuable than currency, despite them being one and the same.

On the surface, a spider crawls across the landscape. Not of flesh, chitin, or anything else a biological spider may have; this one is partially biological but purely mechanical, containing a micro-ecosystem of life: humans, guma, and even olea "thrive" atop this spider of wood. For wood works- metal, motors, anything remotely ferrous would be sucked up, thrown around, or rendered useless by the magnetic fields, rocks, and even dust in the air- wood was all but necessary. Olea were made fun of, of course, for being right at home in the immense forests of Forwards, living within the butchered corpses of lives gone longer than anyone in the Fifth Gathering (born then, that is), crawling across the landscape to a new sight seemingly daily, weekly, monthly: it didn't matter. What did matter was the mining, brutally manual, with laborious hours spent toiling away at rocks in hope to find those precious magnets and sustain Gather for just a bit longer. The Spider, as it was "lovingly" called by its inhabitants, was a hulking thing, constructed entirely of woods and plastics and anything else that could be scraped together in some odd construction immune to the dangers of Thrash. The clones often died performing the hard work, especially without the safety equipment and tools to assist them. Towering above all else, at 70 meters tall, the Spider was a city among itself, an Escherian nightmare ironclad in veneer, its passageways turning and twisting in an almost organic shape. The miners, of course, stored any and all gear there, in whatever nook or cranny wasn't filled with fibrous or even normal growths; such as were common atop the Spider. It seemed to stretch from end to end several kilometers, and it was an unspoken pact that no one should be allowed to know it to the full extent. Every second, every night failing that, the clones' brains were ported to a server, a database of biological wetware seeming to grow through the Spider, the only thing that could contain data in the presence of such a field. Such was Cathan's nature, their specialty since the very beginning, and so the clones were limiting to backing up while on the crawl. Any perishing was met with forwarding to the necessary parties aboard Eryn and subsequent restoral to the rightful place of mining that the clones belonged to. Questions of deserving were levied often, but relentlessly answered by wardens provided naught an opportunity of escape. What started as debt and ended in death- whether by the Company, in service to the Company, or through chance- the indenture of the slaves (for that's what they were), started at death and lasted until either someone went through a long enough time, paid off their debt (unlikely), or went through enough iterations, whichever came last- failing the second. It was with this that Spider became populated, thousands of minds stored in eternal limbo; a cycle of resurrection and rebirth being thrown into their faces, every death an increase in owing as an rule of nature (sparked upon naturally by the incredible cost of making a clone [still less than the magnets sold for]), every day forced to work until they couldn't anymore, every life snuffed out replaced by one fresh and ready to go. And the memories carried over. Some clones tried to escape (to no avail, as it was nearly impossible), while others were merely petrified with the eternal life presented in the timespan they signed away. The thought was depressing. 

Above it all lay Eryn, with an orbit intersecting Forwards 4 times each stund, providing numerous windows of opportunity for transfer; the less fuel required, the better. Forward would sweep through the stars, starting at a distance far enough away from Thrash to be able to communicate, receive supplies, and send off shipments, draw near enough to Thrash to necessitate DNA storage of data within reinforced chambers and a prolonged hibernation of all employee's to ensure no lasting damage, ending again at a lonely pinprick distant from Thrash and Forwards combined. On these intersects, if it was needed (which it always was), Clones would be shot down to the planet, supplies would be hurled up, and homeostasis would continue. Trillions were made this way, the money flowing into Cathan Goods and the magnets flowing out, a paradigm of perfect profits and persnickety processing; all was well. Except for the clones, that is. 

Within the Spider were untold bunks, assigned to no one and everyone simultaneously, each outfitted with a long, spindly needle to hijack the brain's contents and record everything: memories, experiences, useful resources, upon which anything not useful to the company was discarded (storage was limited, consciousness is cheap, and besides: the brain is resilient) and the knowledge of an indent, for that was what they were called- they relished in their servitude, and those who didn't despaired silently- was preserved for quick replication. Drift occurred, as was expected when a large portion of what makes a person themself is stripped away for efficiency's sake, and personalities suffered. For many, this was fine. One of those "unnecessary" qualities happened to be resentment, or just strong emotions in general, and so most couldn't care about the horrors they endured, the long hours, the possible destruction of their biologies providing nary a doubt in their minds as they continued their forced slavery. For most, it started with debt. A simple thing, really, in an age where surplus expired and currencies became mandate- iron laws to bind people together like the connections of old. Debt was a natural response, an adaptation of the system to ensure power could be maintained, purchases could be carried out, and Gather could carry on in Empire. Each Crèche dealt with debt differently, ranging from community service to temporary shame to, as seen in Cathan, internment. This, of course, lay behind the veil of governmental and corporate monotony as a last resort, only the most dire consequences to the most dire of people. Upon entering into a contract with a Cathan lender, your identity was signed over to them as collateral, allowing unlimited borrowing with no repercussions; this stayed the case until death. After some edicts by the Aevum Courts, the cloning of a person before death, or even just after death without consent (as provided by Cathan's predatory contracts) was strictly prohibited- punishable by death and erasure from any of the Seven's databases. So Cathan waited, silently hoping for the deaths of their customers until they could redeem their collateral and force suffering, deletion of personality even, upon the listless masses that couldn't help but borrow. Arguments were made for ethics, but ignored by Cathan, who claimed that their clones were but partial copies of the originals, and ⸮besides, upon release, couldn't they just have the memories removed? So they kept shoveling people into the gullet of Forwards and the Spider, and all was well. 

Cathan Rowan 89 had once had a family, but it had all blurred away. The years had been tough, the labor difficult, and the Spider taking a toll with every death until nearly everything- personality, hopes, dreams, family, philosophies, and even identity was stripped away. Nothing remained but the ingrained patterns of mining and extraction. They were a good worker, all things considered, and had a relatively low number, indicating either youth or cleverness. For Rowan, the former was the case, with only 300 or so years wasted upon Forwards, and only a few dozen corpses left to provide nourishment towards the soils of the forsaken planet. No friends were present, for they were superfluous, talking would lead to death or reduced efficiency; some people were known to disappear and be replaced with a tuned-up copy of themselves with greater drive, a gradual process of learning that whittled someone down into the perfect machine, a slave designed to perform their job exactly to specifications and yet adapt to any malfunctions, disjunctions in the process. Rowan wasn't yet like that. Some scintilla of personality remained, clutching on to the thought of freedom, early, late, or on time- it didn't matter. Escape was nearly impossible from Forwards, as those that dwelled were constantly told, with the only way off planet being constantly protected. Space elevators were too impractical; to create an elevator using entirely non-magnetic materials was considered an impossibility, worth far too much effort, even for a planet as important as Forwards; railgun based methods were likewise ruled out, as any rails could be flung into the atmosphere at a moment's notice. But tethers worked. A brilliant combination of momentum exchange and an electrodynamic tether allowed for a shockingly stable system that could elevate cargo into low orbit while costing extremely small amounts. The cable would swing as a pendulum, seeming to come to a stop at the point of contact before accelerating back up to incredible velocities. For Rowan, it was a pipe dream, and one that faded further with every iteration and only occasionally resurged. Of course, occasion was the ruler of eternity. 

The tethers dangled down tantalizing in front of the Spider's grasp, worming around the atmosphere before hurling themselves into space, an elliptical orbit stretching towards an intercept, or barring that, a Lagrange point, where the payload could wait until syzygy of Thrash, Eryn, and Forwards occurred. Some rumored towards the Spider having a mind of its own, a conscious formed of the souls of iterations thrown away, memories coalescing in a strange combination of hopes and dreams, impractical in its command but glorious in its empathy, watching over the clones as they slept and protecting its mechanical-biological fusion (that the Cathan were so well-known for) from any of the harshness of Forwards, a true ghost in the shell of a dysarthric body, the hollowed husks and plants and brains combining to make something bigger than its parts. Rumor had it that Cathan Goods had lost control of the Spider- that they had to ask it where to go and beg it to respond, or that they were merely pawns to its fledgling mind and it told them what to do, or that it was a clone itself, a consciousness thrown into a machine to let it grow naturally, something completely against the rules and laws of Gather but done anyways because ⸮who cares about the laws? The vile corruption of Gather had spread, worming its way through the roots of society and tearing apart the Crèches with their gilded legacy from the golden age, forcing them into schisms of despair, longing, apathy, and ensuring the slow and inevitable downfall of society. But still, money flowed. Rowan was no stranger to this, especially not after an absurd amount of debt (roughly 1.2 billion dinar) translated directly to 1200 years spent mining, doing nothing but digging and mining and smelting or refining the magnets until they could be shipped off in lead-lined crates to be sold to others who would go in debt and the cycle continues, never stopping, always repeating, an infinite web of tangled lending and borrowing that sucks whoever it can down into it, anything to provide fuel to that machine, to the Spider, to Forwards. Forwards, of course, isn't the only facility, rather it's a small one on the outskirts of civilized space, its harshness meaning only the worst of the worst get sent there. Rowan didn't consider themselves to be the worst of the worst; if anything, they were merely over their head. The Spider didn't care. If one were to track its movements over time, they might notice a distinct web-like pattern in 3-dimensions, encircling the planet in a tangled graph of lodes and nodes of magnets and minerals. Parts of the terrain were torn asunder by the magnets, with pulses from Thrash ripping the ground itself apart- these were the most profitable (and, of course, treacherous) deposits, places with impossible ledges teetering on the bring of collapse and open-air veins ripe for the harvest. More support for the Spider's consciousness came in the form of its uncanny sense for finding the precious metal- though it was easily remedied by the existence of satellites and radar and any manner of sensing technologies employed by Cathan to map out the planet. There needed to be a way to make sure it was worth mining, after all. 

Rowan 90 had woken up one day realizing the last was an empty hole in their memory- a reset had occurred. It was bound to happen to everyone eventually, but that didn't stop it from being jarring. One of the faults had opened up, and the Spider had moved in to harvest it, with all the iterations being made to help. It was a simple leap to assume that they had fallen off a cliff, and a simpler one to realize that meant an extension of time spent laboring. Everything cost- the air, food, water, and most importantly: the clones, as even one could cost millions to grow quickly enough. Stifled groans slipped out of Rowan's mouth before they got up and moved to grab equipment. Through some miracle of chance, the atmosphere was breathable on Forwards, unlike some of the other colonies Cathan employed for resource extraction. As such, protection was less critical, and preparing was more cumbersome. Rowan was accustomed to procedure at this point, but a niggling presence ran up their spine as they began grabbing the equipment needed for the mines. *Escape.* It had been quite some time since thoughts of escape had crossed their mind, and it came as no small shock. Everyone knew escape was impossible- to try all but guaranteed death, and more debt, and more time spent suffering- it would be foolish to attempt and even foolish assuming success; Cathan still had the memory backups, and no person in the public record would dare clone a fugitive servant, lest a copy is created- because that was rumored, a person escaping and Cathan merely cloning them again but tweaked, with the hopes of escape long removed and mercenaries tracking down the lost clone- it is nothing but a death sentence to try and leave; more importantly, it is a death of the stream of consciousness, an entire branch of personality lost to erasure. And yet, Rowan could hardly resist. The taste of freedom had eluded them for well over a century at this point, the exact days or years breaking down, and the suffering of eternal limbo was taking its toll. Scarcity was deliberate, the supply of magnets being controlled by the speed of production, and it was well-known (to those in the know) that Cathan Goods could send in enough clones to drain the planet dry in a matter of decades if they so wished, but it was more profitable to hang the threat of indenture over their lenders and to keep society dependent on them. 1200 years was but a blink of the eye in that case, and the planet would still be bursting at the seams, waiting for whoever approached with boundless ambition to claim its treasure. Rowan was nothing in the face of this machine called empire. But still, one could not help but dream. And dreams are liable to blend into reality, their facets shaping the nature of the world in ways limited only by the ambition of the user, and for Rowan 90, ambition had struck back in a dreadful resurgence. So it was as such that Rowan began organizing resistance, revolution against Cathan; it started as nothing more than deliberate unproductivity, but it quickly escalated into the realm of skirmishes, fights conducted from the heart of Spider in the spaces where space abounded- Cathan almost couldn't keep up. Almost. With every resisted movement, it was assured that they would fight back, with reinforcements already being prepared aboard her desolate majesty Eryn 7, and the clones knew that revolution must come quick. So when Rowan 90 was shot through the eye, it came as no surprise when the revolution collapses.

Rowan 91 jolted awake. Thoughts of revolution flitted through their mind, and Rowan almost gagged at the stupidity of their younger self. To attempt revolution on Forwards? Laughable. So it was that Rowan 91 continued the grand work of excavating Forwards beneath the belly of the Spider. The days stretched onwards, each another exercise in tedium as the Spider traversed across the landscape. All of the clones had resumed normal duties, with any dissenter having been purged and reevaluated to ensure maximum productivity- this was extraordinarily effective, after all, if you can directly modify people's memories and personalities, it's merely trial and error until you can strip them of everything that makes them unique. Within the Spider's thousands of rooms lay grand halls, for meetings, dining, sleeping, all of the works. Rowan 91 was aware of this, dimly, and exuded a grand apathy for the luxuries employed by some of the higher-ups, the staff who willingly worked there or the wardens sent to keep the prisoner's in line; it might not have been the most exotic goods or the finest amenities, but it was enough to force many of the clones into jealousy, and yes, revolt, as they strived for some modicum of pleasure. Rowan 91 didn't care. The underside of Spider was covered in tunnels, porous things that stretched across the kilometers and seemed to creep through the bowels of the glorious mechanical beast and turn upwards through the heart of Spider before weaving back down and passing through dormitories and the halls and all the more as the tunnels broke apart and split into dozens more until a whole network, a patchwork cloth of secrecy enclosed all of Spider in its loving embrace. The tunnels were warm- all of Spider was; temperature-controlled, that is- and cots would surface regularly, as well as lavatories, all the things needed for survival conveniently strewn about for anyone to indulge in. It was as such that with the living areas alone being the size of a large city that the clones were tracked, subdermal chips imbedded into their arms, legs, and chest, anything to ensure they couldn't carve it out, and every cot with a memory backup (that disuse of would be tantamount to death) being connected to that central brain of Spider that managed such things, leading of course to the utter lack of secrecy within Spider, unless you managed to convince it not to track you, or gouge out every chip with silverware from the lunchrooms, or do any of the things the clones had discovered over the centuries to hide themselves. Again, Rowan 91 did not care. They went about the daily work with a chilling apathy, one noticed and written off by the other clones as a product of the restructuring- liable to be stronger or altogether gone in the next iteration- and let Rowan do their work in silence. 

Every day was the same. It began with emergence from those cots, some cocoons, other mattresses, all designed to be easy to leave and hard to breach. Following that, equipment was collected; miners geared up with that pitiful chatter that happens amongst anyone from a worker being paid the absolute minimum to dignitaries making small talk while discussions carry on. Safety was ignored, for the most part, clones were cheap, but could be charged as so much more, and so any way that the miners could die was a way Cathan Goods could profit. After suiting up, the indents would leave Spider and go to whatever site would chosen- once a quarter or so, a new site would be picked, and after travel, the clones would have to use explosives to carefully open up a fissure, sometimes kilometers deep; these cracks upon the face of Forwards would stretch onwards and provide ample opportunities for clones to sweep through the caves and squeeze themselves into gaps tighter than could be reasonably expected (many died in the first week as a result) to try and find a vein large enough for worthwhile extraction. Biological detectors, made with the technology of any of the species who were immersed in the Great Empire of Gather, were often employed, as they could work even in the harsh conditions present. Once a vein was found, they got to work. Fracking was employed, with pressure being generated from waterfalls, rivers, anything that could possibly work without electricity, anything to let Cathan get its hands on the precious minerals easily and cheaply, at least cheap to them. Rowan 91 was more knowledgeable than some of the other clones in this regards, on account of their long industrial history, and as such, would usually be put in charge of managing a small group, overseen by staff, of course, but the small inkling of power was enough to sustain them. On this day, some 330 years after first being interned, that was what Rowan was doing when an earthquake caused a trembling that threw Rowan and crew into the fissure.

When Rowan 91 awoke, all was dark, and they realized: something was wrong. Normally, a fall like that would be instant death. At least it would be assumed as such. All the other clones surrounding them were dead, and it would be clear to anyone above that no one could have survived. But whatever the means- a lucky airbag, corpses cushioning the fall, a controlled tumble- Rowan had survived. For starters, this meant an incongruity had formed, with a clone doubtlessly being formed on