%%*A monologue from the admiral of the Novus fleet as he explains how he rose through the ranks. Ends with a call saying his son was killed in combat, and he breaks down.*%%

"Those fucking fools." I, the Grand Admiral Novus Malik Mohammad of the fleets of Novus had successfully pulled the wool over the eyes of those Tempo idiots, and secured a promotion to Grand Admiral in the meantime. Everything was sliding into place perfectly. It had really been simple, with me merely hiring some data scrubbers to cover up losses, erasing people from the logs as if they never existed. A general with a nearly flawless record? Absurd! And yet, they bought it hook, line, and sinker. 
"Sir," Helen spoke over the intercom. She was nothing but a Veritas slave, drudged up from prisons by my own order to be a secretary. It helped that she was a bit of eye-candy, and besides, Novus would do anything to please its number one Grand Admiral. The thought made me shiver with joy, and I shimmied my way over to the intercom to respond. The system was shining, a far cry from the broken husks I've seen in the offices of lesser officers.
"What is it, my dear?" I bellowed, my husky voice filling the room. Nothing could sour my mood. 
Helen's voice trembled: "I'm afraid there's some bad news..." A crack was heard through the room as I slammed my hand into the button to respond. 
"Stop. Not now." I didn't need to say more, she would understand. The sheer audacity, the *nerve* to offer a Grand Admiral 'bad news.' "Fix it, and don't disturb me for a while. I need some time to prepare for tonight!" I went to my personal closet, a walk-in granted upon request (though I shouldn't have needed to request, and reassigned those involved promptly for forgetting such a fact) and pulled out my finest suit, something that would make most infantry quiver at the cost. 

