#tempi , #novus , #six , 
%%*Classic scrappy underdog story about a young girl joining the fleet and winning a battle, celebrating after destroying an enemy starship. Tempi vs. Novus. Ambitious to a fault, this is supposed to be a grim story of murder portrayed as a happy victory between two sides with no reason to fight.*%%

Every day I woke up and went to train. It didn't matter what I was training, just that I was active, doing something, progressing towards that far-off goal of enlistment. Allow me to explain myself. Call me Ana, short for Tempi Rodriguez Ana, the daughter of General Tempi Rodriguez Carlos, scourge of Dyson Station 78 and protector of Aguila. My father was a brave man. When I was 4, his ship was struck down by a rebellion, started by some Novus scum, and he died within seconds. Ever since then, my sole goal has been to avenge him by destroying the Gathered Fleets of Novus.

At 13, many considered me too young for military service, and I couldn't help but agree; I was too short for most ships, too weak for hand to hand, and not smart enough for strategy. But that didn't mean I couldn't improve. The way I saw it: I had about 5 years before I could enlist, and that was 5 years of time to prepare. I devote myself ruthlessly to any task given- this is no different. My brother is similar, we both are striving towards this future, and I intend to see him through to the end. He's spindly, legs splaying out and up until it's hard to image them ending- tall beyond comprehension, at least to me. Nearly 2 and a half meters, he was considered a natural choice for service. There wasn't a draft, though there ought to be one, especially considering Novus gets bolder by the day. It's just- I can't wait until I can do something, or make a difference in the world, helping keep everyone in Tempi safe. 

***

Hey there! It's been a few months since I last wrote out some dreary monologue about "protecting people" and whatnot. I know, I know, it's melodramatic and all, but still! It's fun to explain, and I got caught up. Everything is moving so slowly! None of my teachers like me, and school is terrible. I can't believe kids my age used to have to attend until they were forty! 
I talked to my brother, and found out he's been talking to a drill sergeant from the Tempi armies who said they were short on people, and might lower the minimum age! It would be incredible to see the galaxy- to tour all through Andromeda and get into actual fights! I'm asking for a simulator for my birthday- wish me luck!

***

WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I GOT THE SIMULATOR!!! Apologies for the formatting, but I can't believe it! It's state of the art- has integrated haptics and a minor gravity field to simulate the G-forces of actual space flight. It must have cost a fortune- but we haven't had to pay any bills since dad died. We're some of the only humans out here in this Rim city, and it's always so awkward having to explain that, especially to some of the Olea, or the Norx (though thankfully I only had to explain once to them). Anyways, I've been playing through some of the battles my Dad led when he was alive. I'm absolutely terrible, but I'm working on it!

It's been a few days, which isn't enough time to warrant a new entry. So... I got the simulator taken away for another few months. As it turns out, "a little gravity" is still enough to make you pass out if you take too harsh a turn. The safety systems ejected me, and my mom said she doesn't want me to use it until I'm older. So far, though, I had gotten better, and was handling most maneuvers! I still got destroyed almost 90% of the time, but that's better than 100! 

***

I got the simulator back! This time, I made sure to turn down the sensitivity before hand, and was more careful. I can't afford to pass out in actual combat! Thomas was being annoying, asking to try it, even though he's said he wants to be in the infantry. I still let him though, because he looks funny when he's excited. He turned 16, and can officially start driving! Again, it's supposed to be later, but here on the Rim, he can get a hardship license. Tempi is getting more desperate for troops, and is lowering their standards drastically. Once Thomas learns to drive, he's having a neighbor take him up in an old 'hopper to help teach him to fly. I am so. freaking. jealous. Even with hardship stuff, you can't legally pilot until you're 18, so this is just practice. There's nothing to hit up there anyways. I miss some of the stars. I've never seen many from other galaxies, but I've heard there used to be a near-infinite amount of them, scattered through the universe instead of just Andromeda and the Milky Way.