- **The Founder** - By far the most notable yet enigmatic character, the founder is the one who started Gather. Ambiguity should be present in all early mentions, as the point is to embellish the mythos of the founder. ^fa33b2
- **Charles Aevum** - Led the legal committee of Gather. ^f75ec3
- **Noelle Cathan** - Noelle was a monk of the courts of Roth on her homeworld of Rhyne[^1]. Emphasis on the was, as she decided to leave and start her empire of profit the second she turned 18. Cathan Goods became a prominent company, with the 2nd Gathering cementing them as vital to all of humanity ([[Transportation Requested]]). Cathan began focusing on biological perfection, but ultimately failed to make significant changes. Due to being in command of a large chunk of the universe, the power eventually got to her, and in a grand act of self-destruction seldom seen before or since, Noelle managed to take out an entire star system during a fight with Veritas Forces ([[Shipped into Oblivion]]). Despite the grand blow to the company, Cathan Goods persevered, offering its services as vaults of Gather, using the immense wealth and security granted to it by the Founder to produce an economy of trade unrivaled in the universe, though certainly not due to a lack of trying. After the destruction of the 3rd Gathering, many vaults were lost to time, with their existences becoming that of legend, sought out by many a treasure hunter. In the gilded age, the banks were renewed in their vigor, and continued to be grand works ([[In the Vaults of Monotony]]). Unfortunately, this made them a prime target for robbery ([[Champions of Nothing]])  ^251a3e
- **Josiah Veritas** ^2faa7e
~~- **Amy Fidelis** - Led the ethical committee of gather~~ Completely changed
- Mary Fidelis - Founded the police of Gather. Criminal underworld manager, she had grown up the heir to a Cathan competitor, but she abondened it for mafia. Was forced into gather by Veritas and Aevum
- **Umbra Novus** 
- 
