---
tags:
  - information
  - planets
---
* **The Monastery of Roth**, Rhyne - The birthplace of [[Notable Characters#^251a3e |Noelle Cathan]] as she became, this labyrinthine complex was carved out by hand during the First Gathering. When she left, it was a space trending towards hyperbolic, with non-Euclidean space and geometry filling it. As a result, several factors became present, especially as one went deeper (see below). Distortion grows at a rate of approximately 2 ^ (.001x), where x is the distance below the surface.  
	* Pulling Force - In Hyperbolic space, parallel lines diverge, and as such, anything moving quickly (including bullets) is torn apart. Humans can resist, but at lower levels, moving any amount causes immense pain. 
	* Corners - The distortion increases with depth, resulting in higher angles required to complete a rotation. In Euclidean space, 360 degrees is one full rotation. In hyperbolic, this changes to where more rotation is needed. As such, 5 (or more) 90 degree corners returns you to your start. 
	* Holonomy - Due to the above, you can rotate simply by moving in straight lines. As such, people get disoriented exceedingly quickly.
	* Compression - More space can fit in the same area. As such, even though the compound takes over the entirety of the planet (including near the core), it is several times larger. 
	After the end of the First Gathering, Cathan evacuated the planet to preserve it as a monument. Unfortunately, it was mostly wiped clear of human influence, with the place being lost during the Third. During the Fourth, explorers decide to investigate the ruins, where upon discovering the monks who were left alive and given unimaginable abilities due to the passive buildup of concepts, they decide to [[Recovery |seal it again]]. In the Fifth Gathering, an explorer and his partner[[Let Loose | investigate]], and incidentally release a singular monk. It goes on a rampage, seeking to eliminate every human in order to practice *complete* non-interference. Eventually, it dies after converting the active Dyson Swarm into a fleet hell-bent on erasing humanity. The explorer is left stranded in the monastery. During the sixth Gathering, he has[[The Labyrinths of Chaos | gone insane.]] Eventually, the fleet reaches the rest of Gather, having mostly degraded from the corrosive effects of [[Core Collapse]]. It begins to siege the [[Capital Planets 5 |Playa de la Muerte]], one of the few capitals that survived until the sixth Gathering. Gather [[War Never Fails|fights back]], and manages to destroy the onslaught. The last traces of Rhyne come from another insane monk who [[Revenge |destroys the entirety of the planet]], as well as a good chunk of one of the Milky Way's spiral arms. This happens during the Seventh, and accelerates the downfall of Gather.
	