#information 
In the second gathering, a man creates a book on “the solution to philosophy,” leading to the deaths of billions. He becomes known as the greatest mass murderer of all time, and after surviving numerous assassination attempts, is exiled. During the way, his cryogenic pod goes off course, and he’s lost to time. During the 4th, philosophy is the deadliest profession, with most who learn it dying horrifically. Reading the book causes students and professors to go insane, quickly killing everything in sight. The most notable example is the 17th Supreme Justicar of Gather, who unveils a Law forcing people to read it, leading to trillions of deaths. Law himself reverts this, but philosophy is forever stunted. After the events of core collapse in the 4th gathering, the event in which Law died and conceptual space subsequently shattered, the 5th gathering kicks off with so-called new gods sprouting up halfway through. One of the prime methods involved detailed tattoos of historical concepts or words that imbues the wielder with their power. In one such case, king H’centael creates an empire based around his military and strategic abilities. The King kills all blind children in his empire (a sub-domain of gather), and preaches that sight is a curse. He has roughly 100 prostitutes delivered daily with their eyes gouged out, so as to ensure none of them see his tattoos and copy his strength. Unfortunately, one of these “seers” ends up learning how to see without sight from his mother, and reads the King’s tattoos during intercourse. This causes a major schism in the empire that results in overall the tattoo losing strength. Around this time, the “god of sloth,” simply a man who enjoyed resting during the 4th, is discovered and interviewed. After roughly 100 years, though, his death causes the Sloth Corpse to be created as one of the holiest artefacts of gather—an unchanging body that stops time around it and imposes eternal rest on anything that comes near. A section of space nearly 100light years in diameter is cordoned off due to this event, as even being near is enough to see symptoms, and his name is placed on a forbidden list, one where giving it to your child results in death to your entire group of family and friends. Around this time, the “Prophet of Death,” the original philosopher, awakens; his association to the Truth has lead to anything within a massive range dying. Gather wages war upon this man, yet everything that comes near is killed. One of the main weapons is the Blind Armies, groups of soldiers who are inscribed with King H’centael’s runes and deprived of their sight, both to stop copying of the runes (which can dilute them due to people seeing them as nothing more than a drawing), or seeing the Prophet. Gather eventually triumphs, and the oldest man in the galaxy is slain. Additionally, his name is banned, permanently, where the alphabet is modified so as to not include the distinctive sounds, and a virus is released that removes the ability of whomever it infects to speak the name.