#story, #fifth , #outskirts
Within Aevum Shane's[^1] shack, grief abounded. Every corner of his house was suffused with a morning attitude, and any onlookers could tell a tragedy had occurred. As was custom in the time, every window had been blacked out with peat moss (or something similar) from the birthing place of the departed. The scents of organic growth suffused through his home, peacefully offering platitudes of comfort to Shane. But he refused to listen. A vestigial of corruption had snuck upon his family, exploiting a weakness within the DNA of his poor, poor wife and daughter, and snuffed out their lives whilst they peacefully slept. A regrettable tragedy, most would agree, but one that was unpreventable. Shane didn't care, though. He toiled for days, weeks even, searching for some way to save his family. He became the talk of the town, a grieving father, taking some well-needed time to mourn for his lost family. Or at least, it seemed as if it were mourning. 
The town was not blind, and noticed with shock when the mood of Shane took a turn for the better. It seemed as if he were revitalized, his being restored. He began showing up to town meetings, planning the future of the community with renewed passion. It seemed obvious that something was amiss, to any onlookers. But alas, the town was merely blissful in the return of a valued member. 
That is, until someone discovered the reasoning behind Shane's Joy. Within his house, abomination's had emerged from the depths of his grief. Within the codices of law governing the empire of Gather, rules against cloning the dead were written. For consent was all one truly had, in this world of infinite wealth and possibility. The great courts of Aevum had ruled centuries ago that clones were individual people, and could never replace the originals, further complicating the situation. To force unique iterations into a constraint such as another personality 

[^1]: [[Naming Conventions#^47bfe4]]