---
tags:
  - overview
  - information
  - four
---

# Overview

## Description
This is the gilded age of Gather. The 7 Crèches have finally united to create the empire of Gather, and due to being the main survivors of the Putrescence, which has been cured after an extraordinarily long period, Gather is prosperous. Near the beginning of the Fourth Gathering, conceptual space was opened, resulting in a mass inflow of wealth and population as the empire expanded rapidly with the abilities of such. Objects from the time became conceptually "fixed," resulting in higher durability, beauty, and wonder as buildings, weapons, and more from the period evolved with public reception. As a result, they change rapidly from time to time, but still are recognizable. After conceptual space was destroyed ([[Core Collapse]]), this led to a mass decline in the prosperity of Gather. In addition, the Milky Way and Andromeda became separated as interstellar travel broke down, with it only being restored by Cathan Goods

## Information

| Attribute | Value            |
| --------- | ---------------- |
| Length    | 27000 Years      |
| Pop.      | 300 Quintillion. |

## Crèches
### Cathan 
Cathan Goods took the time to diversify after the tragedy of the 3rd Gathering, and further developed their banks. What started as simple investment platforms blossomed into the largest network of currency storage in the known universe, with the creation of the Cathan dinar cementing the company in history. The absurd security the banks employed made them a ripe target ([[In the Vaults of Monotony]]), though only a seldom few managed to rob them ([[Champions of Nothing]]). Due to the rapid growth and movement of wealth of earlier eras, the Cathan Vaults became legendary, with many seeking them over the years.  

## Novus
Novus has always focused on the individuality of its members, and this trend continued into the 4th Gathering. Unlike the other Crèches, Novus' are a diverse range of cultures and professions, extending throughout the whole of Gather.

## Naming Conventions
Due to the opening of Conceptual Space ([[Conceptual Space]], [[Conceptual Space Disambiguation]], [[Screams]]), names are much more meaningful and precise than other eras. See [[Naming Conventions#^876a4e]] for style guide. Most should be distinct, though due to their secrecy, not every character has to have a full epithet. Legends should include them though.




# 4. The Fourth Gathering Overview
 
```ccard
type: folder_brief_live
```
 #overview , #information 
