#information, #conceptual , #four
Conceptual Space is a key component of the 4th Gathering, and is part of what cemented is as the Golden Age of Gather. By tapping into an outside realm and binding it to the identity of "Gather," ([[Screams]]) a potent tool was created that utilized public perception to fuel reality. As such, key figures were capable of amazing feats through sheer power of will[^1]. 

## Description
In the early years of the Fourth Gathering, a discovery was made that changed everything. Conceptual Space was breached, a universe roughly a nanometer away in a direction imperceivable by humanity (that being a fourth spatial dimension). In this universe, every concept present in the universe was represented as a physical object, with connections being formed between objects[^2]. Initially, this had little to no effect on reality, as everything was associated so firmly that it was near impossible to change that. The events of project Veritas-062 changed that. Scientists first discovered that changes in connections could affect reality slightly, as Conceptual Space was, by the very nature of the project breeching the bounds of its being, connected to reality. They then leveraged this connection to discover that, since changing perceived connections in the real world affected Conceptual Space, changing Conceptual Space affected reality. Whilst unable to easily create or reinforce connections between concepts, they discovered two things. One: mass propaganda could be extremely effective, and barring that... Two: Connections could be repurposed. They created a method to take the connection a person had with life, one of the strongest present in Conceptual Space, and rip it away, using it to reinforce another. As a result of these discoveries, [[Screams]] took place, as an entire planet was sacrificed to strengthen the connection between Conceptual Space and Reality, and then Reality to Gather. As a result, the very idea of Gather gained a measure of permanence in most people's minds, and seemed to become more vibrant and "real" than anything outside. Unfortunately, this had the effect of degrading reality wherever the presence of Gather was weaker. As a result, the other few empires that were around almost literally faded from existence. This had the additional effect of making everything before Gather 

[^1]: See [[Conceptual Space Disambiguation]]
[^2]: Example: The concept of a Zwiehander would be connected with the idea of a sword, which of course has roots in sharpness.