---
tags:
  - dark
  - elder
era: 4
date: 25000
---
When I awoke, two things immediately caught my mind. First, was the corpse--or at least I think it was, just looking at it made my head spin and stomach drop--and the doorknob it was impaled upon. I stared. On the metal doorknob, the "face" was skewered as if some hand reached down, picked up the person, and simply placed the two together. And it protruded, far out the other side of the skull in a twisty sort of way, stretching what was, for all intents and purposes, a normal doorknob into a spear-shaped haft of space, the head contorting around it to fulfil the impalement. The doorknob had a logo on it. A simple, yet stylish "H," superimposed over an exploding star. I then realized with a burst that I could read, and that I couldn't write out my name.

It wasn't that I couldn't write. The muscle memory was there, as was a faint sense that, had I tried, I could've penned a paper there and now. No, it was a burning hole in my memory where my identity and name used to lie, and I was on the brink of falling in. A noise pulled me back; the corpse and doorknob were sliding down the wall, leaving a trail of blood and crumpled steel in the motley assembly's wake. I ignored it. More important was the fact that the corpse seemed almost familiar, the visage of an Old Man visible even through the crumbled view of the face. It stared at me while I focused, trying to remember anything. Looking at the corpse made it worse; parts of my body seemed to freeze up as they seized from the cells' rebellion, the very act of staring causing my muscles to revolt. Again, though, I ignored it. More captivating was the fact that the body moved, meaning it couldn't have been here for too long, meaning I probably was involved in killing it. Whatever the fuck "it" is.

A step forward brings my face into contact with the doorknob, and the worst pain of my (albeit short) life. It feels like pulling your hand away from flypaper, caught in a trap that sucks back and nearly distorts the skin, the ligaments being the only thing preventing it from just ripping off and being obliterated by the sticky embrace. This on top of the mind-pummeling fact that the doorknob remains several meters away, and yet it feels like I've collided with a thin bar stretching both ways in front of me. If the corpse heard my screams, it didn't react. 

So I ran away, as much as a could, turning away from the grizzle and probing the room, searching carefully for a way out of this poor Man's tomb. The walls are white, devoid of anything, and the material shorn off by the doorknob's point lies white on the floor as well. Everything is sharp, yet out-of-focus, lending the world a blurry cadence that feels like it cuts into my soul and leaves me not knowing if my eyes are messed up or reality is. I brush my hand against the blur and it cuts, blades of space seeming to faintly resist the movement as my hand it overlaid on top of it. It's almost like looking at a photo; the central plane is in focus whilst everything behind and in front is messed up, distorted. The only thing that stands out, however, is that same Man and His doorknob, the two of them only existing within the confines of the central room. 

Of course, this begs the question: if I'm in some kind of featureless room with a corpse and a doorknob--what does the doorknob open? With a sigh, I decide to take the plunge and grab the doorknob, by the knob this time, and pull it from the man's face. A noise builds as a draw near, as if cell death was being amplified and blasted directly into my skull, reverberating over and over until I can't hear anything but the noise, the Old Man's radiation stripping away my very being and my flesh, boiling away as I bring the hand nearer until the very skin is dripping off, acid tabs popping as the world distorts and reality seems to converge on the corpse's face, it's hollow gaze piercing me and stabbing into my heart until

I touch the doorknob and my mind feels clearer than ever. It cuts through the din and stands out, pointing an arrow in some... other direction that leads away from this Old Man and towards an infinity of other doors just waiting to be open. Forgive me, of course, but I walk towards the nearest one. And reality shifts, and I shift, and it feels like my mind is breaking again and it feels like the photo has gone out of focus completely and I feel like I'm sliding with no pants on and I'm falling down and up and all around and the door gets closer as I try to walk to it and fall, in a tangled heap, in front of the door with the Man somehow inside of me and yet above me at the same time and it's out of focus too and everything is but a hair of dust and the
door
standing
right
there.

On its own accord, my hand reaches out and

***

Turns the knob. It pierced reality before, and now is no different. The space opens up to another one, remarkably clear with every detail visible and all the edges sharp. Hairs flit around here and there, dust in my vision; as a whole, however, I seem to be all in one place. My eyes drop to the doorknob, and I see what looks like the room's reflection fading away and becoming more blurry, staying in the same spot yet moving away rapidly. It hurts to think about, but is fine so long as I keep my hand tight. The doorknob refuses to be put down. For the first time, I consider the thought that the Old Man hadn't been slaughtered by a person, but by this thing in my grasp.

I need to find its maker. Instinctually, I know it's the only thing that can free me, and yet the very thought fills me with despair. Something about the sheer scale of wherever I am, and the sheer amount of *everything* I'd need to delve through to find out who made this. And yet, associated with failure is a sense of death, as if this doorknob had saved my life and would end it if given the chance, but so long as I kept looking, it would wait. The arrows hadn't disappeared either.

With a thought, I try to dismiss them.  They stubbornly refuse, their gossamer points continuing to stretch off in a headaching blur. Without knowledge, I'm aware of where they end; the butts tell me. No information about the place, but simply a location, as if they're an infinite map that somebody forgot to paint. Meanwhile, a glance up at the sky shows an infinitely larger amount, where every possible door in the Universe lies waiting to be opened. Several large ones stand out, pointing towards something that seems to end as a rift in the middle of nowhere; without sight, however, I have no idea if it's just too far to see. An idea strikes me.

What if, instead of reducing the arrows, I increase them; whatever counts as a door begetting an arrow? Instantly, the world becomes awash as a vector field that penetrates down to the atom, the doors in my cell screaming at me as the knob opens them without my consent, the doors in my atoms doing likewise as my hand is changed into a block of lead by electron transfer <cool idea, make it expand>, a surge of pain and energy thrumming up my arm until I scream, with all the fury I can muster, 

---

"STOP."

It does. My hand burns, but looks fine; the skin is unmarred and the cells are intact. I don't know if it was some wretched premonition or some divine warning, but nothing seems to have happened. That doesn't stop the pull, or the doorknob trying to wrench open the doors before being stopped by my overworked brain. Yet I'm fine, the arrowing simply coating me as docile as a trillion wasps, waiting to sting. It's fine. The landscape is blanketed with them, every plant and animal tearing open with a call, ready to submit to the handle I grasp. Intuitively, I feel the knowledge of every living being in the entirety of the Universe, calling to be, broadcasting their location in a storm of information, every planet with life whispering me where it is, quadrillions of them, an infinity, a googolplex of doorways begging to be opened, begging me to open them, yelling at me exactly where they are and how to get there; it doesn't stop there, one infinity wouldn't be cruel enough; a never-ending procession of realities and world's and doorways between them opening up to my inspection, compressing into a pinprick of a cube at the bottom and expanding to unfathomable distances at the top, and all of it is laid bare, all of it is poured into my mind until the old rush of nonstop was just a comfort food, the meal of doors staring me in the face and proverbially stabbing me until I feel that, I too, am dead as a doorknob to the face will get you, the knowledge sucking me in its whirlpool of a grasp and threatening me with drowning, proximity melting away as I feel, and nearly succumb to the call to open the doors, to relent to the doorknob's desire to *open*, to take whatever openings are nearby and force them into being, to stretch mouths into tunnels and cells into gateways, to open them all in a never-ending procession of halls and walls falling apart until I'm reduced to atoms, traversing an infinity of infinitesimally thin doorways that take me decillions of kilometers with every step, every breath; it drives me to insanity and back again in less time than I can blink or breathe, the never-ending never-ending never-ending never-ending just overwhelming me with its death, with its calling to open, with the doorways in my mind governing restraint and concern and even just a want to keep life alive (a basic empathy) failing in the face of sheer, impossible power; the ability to instantly tear open and kill every living thing in this Universe, every slightly large cave that could be a doorway, every bend in space that something may creep through, every orifice of every being to ever exist, eldritch creatures and species alike falling in the face of a *fucking doorknob*, stuck with some damned logo on its edge and pointing out in a thing shaft that you'd be surprised wasn't stretching through the firmament beneath you if it wasn't for the fact your mind had cracked long ago, and you can feel the arrows converging, each and every one pointing to a dot that you realize is the future, that you realize is heat death collapsing the entire Universe into nothingness; you gaze upon the works of reality and despair for you are nothing, you're nothing more than a series of doors, of pathways converging to a point that shuffles about and pretends to walk through other doors, that vibrate in patterns of cosmic syzygy, that line up until you burn away into a crisp, and yet that crisp is reassuring, bring sanity back to you as I begin to stare and realize that only one arrow remains, Zeno's that governs, time that dictates, and even it is struggling to stay straight against some shit that just pulls and stretches away until other arrows appear, threatening to overwhelm you, threatening to overwhelm me until I pull back, dictating a door as anything here and now that I can enter or physically touch within a day, and it helps just a little bit until I notice some hunk of a heap of arrows moving rapidly towards me, and my mind screams stop but my mouth just screams, and the heap dissolves in range as every door is opened at once and the collection flies apart, the fibers refusing to hold together as the presumed person goes up in a burst of awesome fission, jaw-dropping steam that pours forward and fills my mouth with its exhumed gas and exhaust from the now-nonexistent person; another breath in and I feel my mind stich itself back together, the memories flowing like toxic sludge into the doorknob as if it was another door, and even that threatens to collapse me as the doorknob considers opening itself, tearing through space in a four or five dimensional rift that would loop around and collapse everything again until you couldn't escape or move or open anything else and I regain myself, tell it to stop, tell it to simply open the mental floodgates holding in the memories and trauma of the last microseconds, of witnessing a person dissolve into nothingness as I see their every atom "open," of anything that threatens to drive me until it all is safely on the knob, and the dread that accompanied burnishing the doorknob anew and pulling out any of mine or others' memories fading as I try to lock the door, turn the key in my mind that will stop me from opening it, another entire breath, 720 a minute, pouring out before I can resume my grasp and assure myself that it will *never* happen again, that the doors will remain shut, that I'll stop before ever opening up another passageway and breaking my poor fragile mind. 

In front of me, a woman clutches her head and screams obscenities at me whilst staring at her wife's impression, a rapidly fading mark on the Universe that previously held a life, the arrows plucking away as I restrain myself and limit scope further, the woman going from a shapeless mass to an understandable being and my mind further solidifying into a pearl of iced cream, shavings coalescing as I blankly stare at her, blankly stare at her mouth, blankly stare in imagined yet unexpressed horror as her pores begin to open up, stretching away into the sky as the rest of her body pulls itself apart, every orifice untangling itself from the knot and the body contorting itself into a torus that unwraps into an infinitely thin, perfect cylinder that aligns on the axis of the doorknob, and it turns again of it's own volition and opens the passageway in front of me, and I walk through the door that was previously a woman and trod across her stretched flesh and gaseous wife, and exist in the middle of another clearing, several kilometers away yet connected by the thought that every cell of DNA in the woman's body would be about this long, or it would be if I was still focusing on cells. 

The grass no longer calls to me. A door is a rectangle, my mind batters out, being nearly ignored but politely acknowledged by the knob, and the world seems to reform. 
With every change, my head becomes clearer, drawing ever closer to the state in that room where there was only a single door I could understand and others that felt like white noise. 
Every door I've open has either stayed open or disappeared, and this was no different. 
From behind me, I can hear more than feel more than see the door closing.
I begin to feel a tumultuous peace as the doorknob limits its scope.
The distances play a role, only *relevant* doors being shown.
My mind clears away as the arrows fade.

All of my thoughts still.
I'm trembling without joy.
Is this what life is?

---


Vomit spills from my mouth as I realize I just murdered two people, carelessly, barely a thought turning them into literal pathways towards my future. I want nothing more than to fling this wretched doorknob away from my body, into one of the myriad of paths I feel it can open, into any of the holes on the ground that thrum with restrained definition. And I breathe in. 

Bile fills my nostrils as I struggle to inhale, the chunky smell threatening to make me return to hurling. Around me, the quiet forest begins to return to life, the animals returning to their noise as if I opened my ears and they stopped maintaining their vigil.  The pool on the ground has started to settle, acids seeping into the grass and devastating their potential futures. I breathe out and flush my nose, spewing chunks from the openings until I can finally. Breathe. Again. 

My back straightens as I raise my head and begin to surveil the clearing. Around me, all has returned to that noisy quiet that accompanies the paces of life. To my left is a throng of trees, trailing off until I can't even make out the horizon between their trunks. In front and behind me, the same remains true, with trees stretching up until I feel that searching for an end would be pointless. And yet, to my right, there's a small river, trickling down as no more than a creek would, with the notion that it might expand later downstream. There's a feeling behind it, a knowledge that if I follow it, tributaries may combine until it becomes powerful. <!>

For confirmation, I turn to the doorknob. Opening my senses yet again, I slowly push out, expanding my definition of a traversable door until I can start to utilize it. Slowly, every human size hole within a day's walk marks their presence to me, and, seeing nothing of note, I continue to expand the range. Finally, a glimpse occurs--a confederation of passageways that gather around each other and weave in strange, yet delightful, ways. Underneath the simple doors lies patterns, rectangles and plots that betray reasoning, order as if they were placed there. It's a town, a village, a city, a kingdom, something that thrums with meaning and calls my name. There's no doors leading straight there, and while I'm sure I could open a passage, worry seeps into my mind about the control needed. 

Manslaughter follows in my wake, and within only hours of entering this world, I've removed two from it. To risk destroying more life, depriving the Universe of more souls, be they sapient or thoughtless, seems careless, a betrayal of ethics. And besides, with my stride and the tranquil ground, the doors should only be a few days' walk from here. Uneasily, I consider my bodily states, the hunger and thirst that underlies each of my actions.

I haven't yet eaten or drank anything since exiting the room, and evenbefore then, I know not how long I had gone in fast. <!> And yet, thankfully, my stomach is queit and my flesh moist; I should do fine with going a while without sustenance. Worst be, I can use the doorknob as a spear, extending its shaft into a small creature, using its life to preserve mine. That must be a last resort, though.

There is of course disgust at the thought of using the unnatural abilities to tear apart anything--it defies all logic and the laws of this world--but merely hunting feels more... right. I still remember the horrible sucking sensation of the spear though, and my calmer mind rebelling at the thought of using it on another living thing. With that, my focus is pulled down onto the length extending from m the knob.

It protrudes in both directions for an infinite length. And yet, the ground is only torn up by it; the blade doesn't pierce, but only retracts (?) as needed. A swing shows the lack of any resistance or weight, and yet it still pulls on my hand with a bizarre torque. Around me, I realize with a start, the world as slightly begun to blur. It's only a smidgen, only a fraction of what it was in that room, but it still feels like I'm viewing a flat photo from above. The blade has a quiet thrum to it, one that makes no audible noise but can be felt, if not heard, as a deep purr. Looking closer at the base, dust is rapidly sucked up and shot through the base of the knob in a spiral pattern greatly exceeding every conceivable speed. The closer it gets to the knob, the faster it moves, and the more *stretched* the dust gets, space compressing as the knob stretches everything around it. It is as such that even one or two meters from the edge, the knob feels to be resting atop the grass directly. 

It feels like a useless weapon. What good is a blunt beam that can be stopped by any shield? It lacks penetrating power; it remains good only as some kind of siege weapon, vacumming away material from both lengths of knob. And yet, it managed to tear through that Old Man's head, and even the wall of the room that I found it in. There has to be some use for it yet, aside from the awesome power it wields of opening. My eyes wonder towards the keyhole.

Inscribed as the center bar of the "H", the keyhole is like no other I could even imagine; despite no memories of seeing any keys, they make sense. This, however, does not. The hole extends seemingly forever, patterns changing in throbbing in fractal movements that threaten to consume me from the inside out. It's nothing compared to the earlier knowledge of existence, but still enough to cause a shiver. No key could open this, nor picker thrash it. It is infinity in a keyhole, and I feel desperate to unlock it. Another reason to find the maker.

---

It's a good walking stick, all things considered. While the knob is extended, "unlocked" for lack of a better word, it feels solid enough to put weight on. Every rotation of my hand, however, threatens to send it to the groud as it rotates about and retracts the length. Infinite with no stopping power; story of my presumable life. The steps turn into kilometers as I clack on, the simple taspping of the knob being my only companion. the biggest concern I have is that, while the hours tick on by, the blur seems to increase, things becoming less real. Inside of my head lies a thought; I can fix this by just travelling through a door.

Something about that maneuvering through obscene passageways seems to stop the torque, moving me back in line with reality. If it weren't for the fear that comes close to overwhelming whenever I consider, I would've broken right now. It feels like I'm rotating whilst standing still, as if I'm not moving so much as turning away from the world. Everything is only slightly out of focus except my silhouette--it's the one thing that remains sharp to my eyes. Still, however, it isn't too bad.

Myopia of the soul fades from my thoughts as I continue to walk, simply ignoring the rotation. After all, it's only a slight blur, and nothing I can't deal with. Especially as the light comes to a close and the stars begin to twirl overhead, followed by what must be the most incredible sight I've ever seen.

Above me is a moon, taking up a huge portion of the sky. It's surface is boiling, covered in magma from who-knows-what, and I can't take my eyes away from it. Around it is another moon, orbiting the first as it spins around his  world. Behind it, there're even more stars, and for the first time, I appreciate the blur. Before my unseen eyes, there's an infinity of extra space--entire worlds being seen as a myriad of colors I can and can't hardly perceive brightening the sky until it lays in front of me like a tangled web of acrylics, shining in radiant colors with perfect saturation until I'm forced to stop walking and devote all of my attention to the sight. Everything is layered upon itself, and I finally understand the allure of piercing the veil as what seems like webs of connections form, tangled and divine within their glow. If the standard night sky was beautiful, this was orgasmic.

<! tense>
Primarily, though, one thing stood out to me. The sheer chaos of destruction underlying the miraculous sight. Above, moons would collide, and I bore witness from impossible close distances. unbound by this planet's gravity and free from the washed out light from my local star. And yet, despite seeing entire landmasses collapse in an instant, sheer improbability prostrating itself to me every second through the majesties of infinity, I felt calm, and happy even. For the first time since becoming aware of this reality, I knew that I could relax.

I lowered my body to the ground, feeling the low thrum of power brought by the doorknob as everything nearby almost seemed to quake. There were soft fairy-lights through the woods around me, will-of-the-wisps visible only to my discerning eyes that glimmered and flowed next to me like water. Nothing came too near, though; the handle I clutched seemed to ensure that, emanating waves of death and disentegration in a fixed radius around me. The beam shot up into the sky, and were it not for a slight awareness and the trickling of dust towards my hand wherever it aimed, it almost wouldn't be noticeable. Were I a more studious mind, perhaps I would try and catalogue it's falloff. But for now, I was content to just sit back and relax in the forest.

---

When the morning came upon me, I hadn't stirred. That wasn't to say I had slept; I had simply decided to sit still and enjoy my serenity. My entire being feels full of a peculiar energy, as if small animals are bouncing around off the insides of my organs, and while not unpleasant, it surely is odd. Despite the energy, it still is a chore to lift myself up and continue on my mostly-merry way. A cursory check of the doorknob shows the city to be much closer; perhaps another day's walk will bring me to its doorways. 

Continuing onward, I fall into a familiar rhythm. A strange longing fills my spirit, and it takes no short amount of time to determine the source. I'm... lonely. It's not just the uncertainty surrounding my circumstance, or even my existence as a whole, but the fact that I'm having to puzzle it out with no aid. Even the woodland creatures shy away from my path, and no amount of coercing changes that. If I could throw the accursed knob into the undergrowth and leave it to sit for an undetermined number of centuries, I would do so with no second thought. No blessing could be so great as to cause this pain, this separation from the world. Even the blur has increased, as if it's begging to be used, twisting me this way and that until my only hope of persisting is to risk myself becoming some kind of moster.

Finally, though, something interrupts me from my morbidity. In front of my stride lies a small path. It's unpaved; well-worn dirt from thousands of footsteps is all its make; I can only imagine the thousands of lives that have traversed these woods on its path, planting one foot in front of the other as they carry their burdens from wherever I'm going to another--town, village, city, doesn't matter--children frolicking along next to their parents or alone, families split up by unseen dangers and watchmen earning their keep by survieling the road, protectors and those needing protection walking its narrow path through wherever it weaves; an entire culture having this throughput as a key part, as a source of connection, the same I lack, thrumming through the wilderness as it unites kingdoms and empires. With another footfall, I plant myself along the well-travelled path and make like an unknowable number before me.

Steps feel easier now, and though I know not whether it's from my renewed determination or simply having a well-trodden path in front of me, it fills me with a great amount of joy and trepidation. For the first time since entering this plane, I look over my body. I'm in a fairly plain set of clothes--a single unbroken fabric stretching across my body and covering me up to my neck. The only departure in color is my hair, shadows notwithstanding, and it goes down to my waist in lovely brownish-golds, concerns for another time as I check the outfit for stains. There's no blood or gore that I can see, but all the same, I can feel it; I can't shrug off the perverse sense that death followed me--the animals know it and I do as well--I am clearly a harbinger of despair. 

For a moment, the fear takes over. I instinctually begin to turn the doorknob, and only a strong bite of will stops it. It doesn't matter what these people think; for all I know, the two I accidentally slew came from nowhere near this town, 
or if they did, there's no way the people'll be able to tell from my spotless form, 
as far as I can see. And besides, even if they did accuse me,
I'm sure I can explain that
it was an accident.
And 
I meant no harm. 

--- 

Several hours later, I leave the path. Not out of feasr, this time, but wonder. The dusk is beginning, and I want to take a moment to truly enjoy the spectacle of twilight. Surrounding me, the same as they have all existence, dozens of trees stretch up dozens of meters into the air. And several of them have low-hanging branches, and several more are sturdy enough to support me. Despite the doorknob's hindering presence on my ability to grip, it serves adequate as a drill, boring into the trunk the longer I hold it still and pointed. The compression works in my favor, this time, as I can hold it close and seemingly vacuum away huge chunks of bark in nearly an instant, making handholds and footholds; need be, I can drop it down and use the beam to support myself slightly, its thrust propelling me upwards. 

With the slight danger comes another temptation. If I fall, it'd take no more than a flick of the wrist to stretch something into a door, perhaps a ridge along a branch or a knot on the tree serving enough to safely cart me through. So long as I hold the handle, no harm can befoul me. Yet, with that in mind, part of me would rather fall and break apart than use it's otherworldly power again. It already drove me insane once, and any slip in restraint could prove disasterous for myself, this world, and even the Universe as a whole. 

Thankfully, no such falls occur. I hug the center of the tree as I stand on a particularly thick branch, and manuever myself into a sitting position. The wood is especially firm, despite the height, and the trunk and branches seemed to stay the same height, not even tapering off as they ended in a stump of bark some 50 meters up. From this height, I can see forever. 

The sky is still fading, and no stars have become visible, but that doesn't stop my breath from hitching. In the distance, the first concrete sign I've seen of actual inhabitance is visible. The coalition of doors and houses is seemingly a leap away, smokeless lights brightening the hundreds of homes I can spot, Tiny forms milling about (barely visible to the eye). It feels like staring at a colony of insects, and I am instantly in love.

The only people I had seen at this point were both dead, split apart as their bodies were opened up to the world. Seeing even the promise of people, of companions and friends, was overjoying. When the stars began to come out, and the night sky started to reveal itself, I almost didn't look.

Thankfully though, a silent crash pulls my attention away. On the moon above, the one in sync with the rest of the unreal world, a meteorite has slammed into its surface. It must be massive to see with the naked eye. Coming from seemingly nowhere, and being drawn to the molten surface, I backtrack a trail that fades off into itself, increasing and decreasing with a curve of sharpness. Suddenly, another rock comes barraling through, moving impossibly fast as it remains still; the only indicator of change is a blur fading as it draws near. Again, there is no sound nor shockwave from the impact, and I'm left wondering about debris.

There must be some dross that's made it to this planet, especially if collisions are this common. Perhaps some of them hold remnants of that otherworldy power; perhaps some maintain the ability to travel perpendicular to this world. If so, maybe there's a solution to the doorknob's blurring, one that doesn't involve using it. <there isn't> My thoughts return to the lightshow as I continue to idly wonder. 

The wildlife has returned to that not-quite-quiet as night has fallen. Soft rustles surround me as wind blows through and animals stir. Nocturnal hunters stalk prey, and from my elevated position, none of them even remain markedly aware of my presence. It provides a fantastic backdrop for rest, though my eyes still don't want to close. It's been two full days at this point, plus however long was spent in that room, without any water, food, or sleep, and yet I feel peachy. 

The suit I'm wearing has remained mostly unmarred by the walking, though the climb smeared a bit of dirt and sap on my frame. My hair, likewise, has become sticky and stale with sweat and exertion; it trails down tangled around the leaves and twigs from the tree. Were it not in good condition before my travels, I suspect that the strands would have died by now, withering up moreso than at present. Perhaps water would be a good idea, to clean myself if not to drink.

After another few hours of sitting up in the tree, the lightshow stops. Wherever they were coming from seems to have stopped sending asteroids at the moon, and its magma has returned to that calming sworl. Seeing the coming dawn by the brightening of the horizon, I stand up and brush myself off.

If the climb up was difficult, the descent was positively terrifying. More branches seemed to snag me, and were it not for the pressing need to get to the town as soon as possible, I'd just wait until sunrise had passed. Another slip occurs as my foot falls off a branch, and for a second, I think it's the end. My hand turns, and before I can stop myself, I've stepped through a knot in the wood.

On the ground, I scream. Behind me, the tree that served as my companion is deformed. What was a single step from my point of view has become a forty-meter long passageway that stretches back into the sky, cracked bark distorting as the tree was pulled diagonally down into the earth. Branches fall around me, trunks toppled by the sudden and rapid expansion; several plummet from the sky from where they were absolutely severed by the doorway. Everything is sharp and crystal clear, but still appears blurry through my tears. Corpses are strewn around me. Nothing was spared.

Small mammals. birds, rodents, and anything else that was enjoying its peaceful life in these woods lay crushed around me. At the foot of the lavishly carved doorjamb is a long 6-legged creature, covered in fur and adorned with a magnificent set of antlers. Everything is mangled. 

The carpet now stained with vomit is a remnant of its pelt--the top of the doorjamb having been formed from the <! ivory> of its antlers--hooves having been desiccated and marbled in damascus whorls, a beautiful sight polished by the blood of its victim. There is no knob, save for the one I have in my hand. With horror, I realize that it's material has now changed to a blood-red copper, and with nausea, I realize that it truly is blood: red copper. My palm is burning now, and I realize that all the flesh is gone, my fingerprints being wiped clean by the knob's display of power. It's like it's mocking me for refusing to open any doors for so long. 

My left hand nearly snaps with the force I use to fling the doorknob away from me. It doesn't leave my grip. Even when I splay my fingers apart and try and force myself to let go, it stays adhered to the muscle. The pain won't relent. It seeps through my arm and pulses along my chest, striking every centimeter of my body with waves of ache. I can do nothing but lie on the ground, holding the conflagrated palm to my stomach as as rock back and forth, tears my only companion against the destruction I wrought.

---

It's close to noon when I exit my fugue. The doorknob lies forgotten in my hand, a thing layer of skin already bunching up around it. I can only hope that it regrows the same as it did before, and this *thing* hasn't permanently marred me. The forest has remained quiet, for obvious reasons.

I am surrounded by the stench of death--all of the life undone by my opening sweeps through my awareness like water through a grate, staying but a moment before rushing away; regret overtakes me as I feel terrible for not caring more; despair tags along to everything else. The tree that served to shelter me in its loving embrace is gone, its siblings fallen victim to the same fate. My legs are not my own; they pick me up and begin limping through the undergrowth as the energy that seemed to fill me earlier has mostly faded. I want to do nothing but sleep, and were it not for the pain (both emotional and physical) I fear I would lay down and let the forest overtake me. And for a moment--I almost do.

The doorknob is a part of me. It isn't some kind of burden I can just hide in a bush--if I'm to even exist, I must accept it as a chunk of my nature. Despite the anger and fear and sadness and just... everything, using it feels as natural as breathing. The path comes into view, and I shudder as I turn back. No signs of my destruction remain. It seems impossible for such a small distance to be all standing between people enjoying their travels and bearing witness to horrors beyond all comprehension. It's sickening.

The settlement is probably a days' walk away. And it's already noon. If I want to make it there in any semblance of time, I'll have to trek through the night. It's not as terrible a prospect anymore.  Whereas earlier I shied away from walking at night, due to the beauty of the sky, I feel that I don't deserve to witness it anymore. I truly am a monster, beyond all redemption. The doorknob knows this--like attracts like after all, and I know it as well. No, better rather that I stay on the path, where the trees block my sight of the dusk and the only thing to focus on is the ground beneath my feet. Stones tumble as I walk, every step a mark of interference on the landscape. No longer does this path seem awe-inspiring by virtue of the work, effort, and repetition doubtlessly poured into it over the years to form a competent road, but instead it's this accursed thing hat pierces through the serene wilderness and seeks to tame it, to destroy it like nothing else present. It's not a part of this world; it's an antithesis to it. 

Still, I've got no better option than to use it, no recourse than to travel it's beaten path lest I interfere with anything truly untouched. It's hard to comprehend how even places like the tree I spent the night in might have gone undisturbed by centuries, that these paths are here for a reason, that nobody strays off because they don't have to. Do roads beget exploration, or do they stop it? It's finally night.

The soothing dark calms my thoughts as even the road ahead of me fades away in the thickness of the trees' embrace. They've gown closer together now, density increasing as I walk through the woods. The energy has all but left me at this point, my feet dragging as I continue onwards; I want nothing more than to sleep. My mouth is turning inside out, over and over again as it searches for any scrap of water left in its dry embrace. And the pain in my stomach, *the pain* that fills each step as what was once full and satisfied cries out for food. Logically, distantly, I know that any of the corpses from earlier could have served ass a good meal--could have been fried or grilled up and eaten to regain energy. Just because I wasn't hungry then doesn't mean I should've let the nutrition go to waste. 

Another wash of bile comes up as I recoil at the thought. No matter what, I know, I must not cave in. It doesn't matter a damn if something's truly sapient or not, or if it's already dead, honor is all they have left, and who would I be to defile their body? Sobs wrack out from my chest, heaping affairs that threaten to send me into a shaking fit on the ground as my heartrates quickens and my breathing stars pulling in nothing. It feels like I'm being hammered from all sides, like I can't escape, like everything I've done up until this point is wrong and I just can't move and I can't even think and I'm crying now, even more so than before, and I really have fallen down and am just clutching my hand to my chest because it hurts so fucking much and I can't even breathe and I'm dirty and in the same outfit that I've been in for days now and I'm hungry and cold and tired and really gotta take a shit and the woods are closing in and I know its not real but I can't even tell myself that and I can't even run away because my stupid legs won't even work and...

It's at this point I notice a peculiar... thing off to the side of the road staring at me. It's not like any creature I've seen before, and several more eyes than usual focus on me. 

"Are you alright?" The presumable person asks, and though I'm still hyperventilating and sobbing on the ground, I try and nod yes. Dirt sticks to my face and clumps up my hair even as the gravel scratches at me.

"Right, stupid question." It straightens up, and for the first time, I notice that it was bending over. It's... tall. Like, really tall. Easily two and a half meters to my one hundred and eighty centimeters. More agony crosses my mind as I realize I know my own height, despite never having been measured. The tall thing looks back at me, and softly murmurs, "Here, do you think you'd be able to drink some water?" Its voice is deep, and extraordinarily calming. It walks towards me and leans down again, holding out some kind of flask.

"Drink up. This should be enough." It's all I can do to grab it with my right hand and drink through the choking sobs, but once I start, I can't stop. Shamefully, I close my eyes, doing whatever I can to avoid the person's concerned looks. Just my luck that the first person I truly get to meet comes across me like this, fresh off a glorified crime scene. A scrape causes my eyes to open, and I see that the person has sat down besides me and pulled out a bag, seemingly from nowhere. It's bulging, easily twice my size, and from it, they pull out a box that, again, defies space. My thoughts turn to the doorknob.

That's right. The doorknob. Instantly, any semblance of control I had regained while being... coddled like this departs, and I start to panic once more at the thought of them finding the doorknob, or heavens forbid, touching it's beam as they try and help me. It's pointed neatly to my front and beck, and I try to scream out as my newfound companion draws nearer to me with the best thing I've smelled yet.

The thing fucking smiles, and pulls back. "Oooookayyy, guess you're not a fan of xnopcht! Sorry, let me grab something else." They seem unperturbed. At this point, the tears have stopped, and the only thing left for me to do is to *stop breathing like I'm running a marathon*. Again, completely oblivious to my suffering, the being rummages through their pack while I try to regain control. After a minute, they speak.

"By the way, I suppose I should introduce myself. My name is Lucis Thomas a Bending Bow of Birch Against His Enemies." I'm left stupefied at the garbage that just exited his mouth. It's nonsense, something that would better be the title of a work than a name. And yet, with it comes a surge of meaning, as if there's a tangible weight behind the phrase. It feels earned, for lack of a better word.

"Feel ready to tell me yours?" He asks me with that same calm look on his face, and it's all I can do to not stand up, walk over, and fall into his arms sobbing. Perhaps he'd understand. After a minute of breathing, i finally feel ready to say my first words of memorable existence.

"I don't- I can't- I just have..." I fucking blew it. My first words were a blubber, random excuses begging to be strung together that fall apart with every syllable spoken. I'm a mess. And yet, despite all of my disgusting, quivering movements, the bastard looks compassionate. Like he's saying to me, "I understand, don't worry." Then I realize that, no, he is saying that to me. He walks back over with another box, this time filled with yet another delightful smell. I almost take a bite, before a thought occurs to me.

"A-a-animals?" I tremble out, and his face softens. 

"No, don't worry, I'm a vegan." The word is unfamiliar, but sensible, and I finally relent and take a bite. 

It's an explosion in my mouth, almost as if my stomach was reaching up through my throat and strangeling the utensils in the strangers grasp. Despite the pathetic appearance of me as a dirty slump on the ground in the middle of a pathway less than a few hours' walk from the nearest town, he's still spooning a warm dish of spices and creams into my mouth. We sit like that for a few minutes, neither of us saying a word. Finally, he speaks up.

"So what's a lone human doing on Cordera 2?" It takes me far too long to realize he's talking about this planet. Even longer to realize that he means me with the word "human." Of all the things he's said, that's the most reassuring. It ground me, in a way, to have a category I fit in, to put a name to my own face that I haven't even seen. Of course, with that comes the consideration that my strange benefactor is not human, and while it would certainly explain the odd height and multiple eyes, it doesn't account for the fact that we share a language.

Looking back up, Birch-or-whatever is still waiting patiently for my response, that damned warm smile still filling his face. I try to stammer out a response, but my throat just croaks and seems to close up with every breath. 

"That's fair," he says, still watching me, "we've only just met, and I know I wouldn't share my life story with a complete stranger!" 

It's odd, that stare of his. There's always at least one eye opened; it focuses on me before blinking in random patterns that make his face ripple and wave, perfect engagement without sacrificing clarity of vision. It's also unnerving, the feeling like he's always watching. And, despite earlier almost seeming to read my mind, he doesn't seem to notice his glare making me uncomfortable.

In a way, it's reassuring. Knowing that he isn't some perfect empath, that even amidst that calm compassion there can be room for error. Looking past his shoulders, I catch a glimpse of the sky, and the last vestiges of my anxiety begin to fade. Even from under the trees, it's beautiful, and the otherworldly glows that filled my vision persist regardless, creating that wondrous lightshow devoid of reflection on this material plane. The only thing that seems to block it is this man, and the effervescent radiance haloes him against the night. 

"Is there anything else I can get you?" That calming voice pulls me out of my stupor, and I finally feel that I can breathe, and potentially respond. 

"N-" It was too much. Just a single word caused the shudders to return, and so I jut shake my head, avoiding eyes' contact and looking away. 

"Right, sorry, didn't mean to pressure you. I'm gonna go repack my bags, if that's alright?" He pauses, and looks at me, all eyes opening up and boring into mine. I silently nod, and watch as he opens his mouth, pauses as if he's about to speak, and then decides better and walks away. The bag's only a couple meters from us, but it's enough; his presence is possibly the only thing keeping me from breaking down even further. He rummages around and I try to lift myself into a sitting position. 

The first try, my right arm feels too unsteady to push my entire body up. On the second, I reach out with the knob and use its beam to try and steady myself. It works. Finally, I feel as though I've regained some modicum of decorum, and I can confront Birch. I wonder if he'd mind that as a nickname, or if he'd rather I use the full-length version. Well, no harm in asking.

"Would you-"

"Alright, done!" I'm cut off as he turns around, the bag now packed full with his supplies, and he looks at me with an eager expression. I probably wasn't even audible. "Oh good, you're up! Come on, we should move if we want to make Nyquist in time to get a couple hours of sleep." He proffers his hand, and after a moment of hesitation, I take it. If he's surprised by me using my right hand, he doesn't show it, and with another breath I'm on my feet again, ready to walk.

"The night's still young," he continues, "and we're only a few klicks from the town." I try and mimic his smile, reassuring him that I am extraordinarily glad and mentally perfect in this moment. He gives a slight grin, with a hint of concern. Damn, thought that would work. We walk next to each other in silence, the only noise a clack from a belt pack he wears. The bag is gone, its cumbersome weight removed when I was looking away. 

My mind is filled with questions, as well as a stifling urge to keep quiet. There's that voice in my mind telling me that I'm a murderer, that Birch should get as far away from me as possible before I slip up again and twist him into nothingness, that I need to kindly thank him for his help and walk off into the woods, pretending like I live there and this was just a sojourn, slumming it out with those who walk paths and live in towns. Doubt he'd buy it, though. 

So we continue, in silence, each of our footsteps ringing out and returning with muted echoes along the wooded path; he keeps looking over, as if to speak, but I just pretend I don't see him and he'll look away. Or at least, with the majority of his eyes. I feel like they're watching me, the orbs swirling around and swimming across his head until at least one, maybe more, are staring me directly in the face and making sure I don't decide to run off. It is decidedly creepy, but I don't want to be rude, especially after he fed me and waited with me. 

---

Finally, the silence is broken by Birch working up the courage to speak. "You're not from around here, I'd presume?" Heat rushes to my face as I turn away a bit, making eye contact with the trees alone. I've already made a fool out of myself, so more words can't hurt.

"N-no?" Fuuuuck. I have no idea if that's a double negative, but all's fine, he seems to get the gist. He nods his head and leans back a bit, hands brushing pockets as he stares into the sky. A dull throbbing permeates my legs, and I notice that the suit I'm wearing grows thin on the soles. To be expected, as they weren't the semi-hard cloth covering the rest of me, but it's painful nonetheless. Maybe he'll notice the limp?

"Hey," he begins. *Perfect.* "When we get to town, what are you going to do." Oh. That's... a bit of a loaded question. Well, he's been pretty cheerful so far, so why not go for honesty? It's the least I can do, after all.

"Find a bathroom," I triumphantly proclaim! For the first time, my words came out clear, my mouth finally cooperating with me. He starts chuckling, and it quickly blossoms into a full laugh. Of all the reactions I expected, this... *insult* wasn't one of them. Again, I blush and look down, trying to keep my back straight and my stride long. After a minute or two of that incessant chuckling, he turns back to me.

"You're pretty funny, I gotta say." *What?* "Like I said, if you don't want to answer, you don't have to." I unclench my right palm, noticing with a start that I'm still holding the doorknob. It wasn't like I expected it to be gone, rather, I had stopped noticing I was gripping onto it with all the might my muscles could muster, my arm tightening up with tension the closer it gets to my palm, and a small, nigh-unnoticeable trail of dust was following me, blending in mostly with my footsteps; every so often, moonlight would show a clear beam spiraling up into my hand and drilling away at the ground.

I need to stop. Pace myself. Clearly, Birch hasn't noticed, or if he has, he's too damn polite to say anything. And besides, worst-case scenario, he thinks it's just some kind of good-luck charm or keepsake that I can't let go of. I just need to be cautious, need to focus on my thoughts, need to make sure I don't accidentally *open* another door without meaning to. 

Birch nearly screams out like some kind of maniac: "We're almost there!" Sure enough, the path is growing more worn; it's wider, like more people travelled only a short distance before relenting and heading back to town. In front of us, maybe 20 meters or so, another well-trodden path branches into our destination, and I'm greeted with yet another unfamiliar sight. 

Stone is inlaid into the ground, whorls and patterns contorting at a point where more paths seem to branch, each one except for the center laid out not with pavers, but with the wages of time. And that central path stretches on for kilometers, stones building on top of each other until at a distance it seems nothing more than a pale grey line, converging into infinity. It's beautiful... and yet. I still can't forget the feeling of seeing a world twist, of a small step destroying countless beings and scarring the world forever; the road reminds me of that, of a stroke of ingenuity and convenience permanently affecting the environs of the Universe.

My companion, of course, responds in the opposite. "Ah, finally!" he cries, "A paved road. Svelt, my feet were killing me." He turns over, perhaps expecting a smile, before noticing the trail of blood following in our wake. Each pool, in the shape of a footprint, fades away with distance and grows sharper until it falls where we're standing now; the delay in our movements from pausing to admire the road has let the blood pool up a bit more. It's nothing too terrible, blisters having simply popped and emptied pus over the insides of my sock-like jumpsuit, but he goes pale as if the entire world has frozen. 

"Why didn't you say anything!" Despite the accusation, nothing but concern leadens his voice. He makes to pull out the bag, as if to grab shoes, but upon undoubtedly seeing my reluctance to inconvenience him, wisely decides to stop. At least, that's what I thought, until he rushes in and, without so much as a yelp from me, picks me up, cradling me in his arms. <! See relevant image [[Doorknob.png]]> The dozens of eyes stare at me, for once unblinking as they seem to drink in my entire form, and I unwittingly shiver. 

"Is this alright? I hope I'm not squeezing too hard." I shakily nod, and he sets his jaw. "Good, then. I'll make sure to hurry." He takes off in a sprint so fast that my hair trails behind me and I instinctively draw closer to his chest. An obscene warmth is there, hot enough to boil water, but in the chill of the night, it's perfect. Of course, now is the perfect time for my unwelcome guest to remind me of it's appearance.

Doors, thousands of them, slam into my awareness like moths to a flame as we come within a kilometer of the city, the mental blocks I set up being collapses as I not only come into distance of doors, but draw near to *proper doors*. The difference couldn't be more stark. If earlier, I was aware of atoms and knots in trees like they were a slight itch, this is like staring into the hearts of stars, dying and reaching out with their final breaths to pull me in, to use me as fuel and burn me up. With a shudder, I rotate my arm ever-so-slightly, trying to make sure that the knob is pointed away from Birch's shoulder. 

He notices, and a second later, picks up his already fast pace. "Are you alright" He half-yells over the rush of the air. I make to wipe the tears out of my eyes, and am confused when he remains blurry. Then I realize. The torque has returned.

---

With every second that passes this close to the doors, I can feel myself getting more and more off-kilter in the eyes of this world. As for Birch's eyes, however, my reflection seems to grow flatter and sharper the longer I persist. It's as if you're looking at a photo, your eyes struggling to perceive non-existent depth. Words fail me as I try to explain, and I know that it's useless. We're less than 5 minutes from the town at this point, and every step has fallen to a whisper as Birch pushes himself for my sake. I close my eyes and retreat further into his embrace, letting him 