#story, #four 
###*Excerpt from* XTreme Fishing: an Autobiography *, by Fidelis Jones Perc.*
There was an extreme sport often revered in Gather for being the dullest, most arduous task possible. For that very reason, I, Fidelis Jones Twelve Second Percussion Solo, am the best in the universe! You see, most people assume that by virtue of being "the master of dominion and control," I would be hotheaded, ambitious, and constantly subjugating. They would be completely right. and yet, fishing alone has been able to completely captivate me! Words can't describe how euphoric it is to empty your rage into a rod, fighting tooth and nail against the horrors of the deep! It's exhilarating! And at the end, when you've bent whatever behemoth you've found this time to your will, you receive a nice meal. There's nothing else like it!
Many people assume I came about my title in some extraordinarily direct manner, such as fighting off an entire fleet of Tempi warmongers during a skirmish, but they'd all be wrong. No, as you'll come to find out, I simply DOMINATED AN ENTIRE PLANET OF FISH! BASK IN MY GLORY YE HEATHENS! See, the best part of writing a book is that people literally pay you to put whatever you want in there! It all started when I was a young child of 70 or so...

You see, in those days, Phrasal Names were just coming into existence, a trend, of course, that most expected to die off. How I regret naming myself, "Twelve Second Percussion Solo." But alas, the past can't be changed. So it came that I was stuck with an absurd name, no recognition, and few connections to said name. Everyone then was obsessed with power: things like swordsmanship, archery, or even strategy. The name of the game was getting stronger, and everyone wanted a slice. I was an outcast, considered unusual by my peers for simply sitting back and indulging in a bit of fishmongering to support myself. Of course, the first *reel* (see what I did there?) connection I made was to waves. It was faint, and practically useless, but people said they felt at ease at me. Or got sick. Mostly the latter, especially when people at the market began to associate me with fish. I didn't care though, it meant the sailing came easier and the fish bit faster. So consider me surprised when after a day of trawling (objectively the worst way to fish) I found an unexpected connection. Who knew some fish were conscious? To people, I was merely a batty young sailor, soon to find her way in this sea of life. But to the fish? I was a God of Death. My hooks descended from above to capture anyone who dared draw too close; my nets would abound with trapped souls. As such, I had discovered a source of power that my friends had ignored. 
I quickly capitalized on this, attending fishing tournaments to further solidify my reputation. Strength, seamanship, and control became my friends. With every competition won, every fish caught, people told me I seemed like a champion. And wow, did I ever feel like one! There's no words that can describe being cemented in a web of beneficiaries, every part of me throbbed with self-confidence. Soon, I became known as the master of fishing. But it wasn't enough...

Many speak wonders of the virtues of ambition, but I've experienced firsthand the dangers of being overly so. In my case, I carped too many diems, become too greedy. I began to use my newfound confidence to set out on a warpath. Former friends became enemies, rungs on a ladder towards control. And unfortunately, I succeeded. For a time, I was known as "The Master of Dominion and Control," a sage, unparalleled in her knowledge of conquest, glory, and of course, fishing! I made many a mistake, trained too many apprentices who turned out to slaughter a planet, a couple who didn't ([[the, the whole shebang. 