---
"23000": 
tags:
  - conceptual
  - legend
  - four
era: 4
---
%%The aftermath of a great battle, possible [[Collapse]]. A "young" fighter confronts Blood, one of the few Living Concepts. A Resonator. After Blood attempts true resurrections through blood transfusion, Law appears, utilizing the break to enter the zone. The two discuss the balance of order and chaos, with Blood claiming that the battlefield is too chaotic for Law to subsume. At this point, Law brings in the true Anchor, [[The Tale of Lauren|Lauren]]. Her lack of ambition and refusal to obey creates a stable point between order and chaos, and a pressure begins to build on every Concept in the area, one insisting on maintaining itself. At this point, the original soldier, who had briefly considering running, manages to reforge her spear, pouring everything into the idea of it. She coalesces, breaking Blood's influence, and uses the deep connection to Conceptual space in the area to associate herself, finishing the century long process. Blood offers her power, and Law threatens her with insanity by revealing his conceptual form as Law. As the two powers try and sway her, and Lauren remains stubbornly neutral, a voice calls out to her, hidden from all. The [[Photo Graphs |Photographer]] lays his head in front of her and tells her to look through the lens. She finally gazes upon the web of concepts herself, and with a single act, launches her spear at the tie between the planet they're on and existence. A screech rings out as reality begins pressing in, and she feels herself draining as her conceptual tie to life is used as a blade. She fully dies, and is left as a minor Resonator, one left hanging in the void as gods duel. %% 
You can't "kill" a concept. It's impossible. How can one sunder that which doesn't exist? It's as foolish as trying to stab space, or trying to kill the idea of breathing. And yet, I was going to do it, or die trying.

In front of me, an ocean of Blood filled all I could see, his visage getting closer with each wave.

"Come now!" He shouted. "Let's have a nice, warm chat." With every step, life came to the surface, plants bubbling up and blossoming before immediately turning cool as his foot lifted away. He was about one-hundred meters away from me, but the corpses around seemed to speak with his voice as he talked. "Do you know why you, of all people, are still alive?" he asked. "Why you're the survivor." On the haft of my spear, I clutched deeper, willing with all my heart that Order would come through, that Aevum would hear my plea. 

"PAY ATTENTION!" Blood yelled, drawing my attention back to him. "Clearly," he quavered, returning to some semblance of calm, "you don't have any morality." He scoffed, "what else could explain the lack of survivors guilt?" At this point, the space between us has all but closed. Around me, the blood was churning, with the smell of coppery rot filling my nostrils. The tension was thick enough to taste over my vomit. I retched, and nearly dropped my spear, though it wouldn't have mattered.

He laid his hand on it and pushed it away, rusting the blade in an instant. A hand reached up and cradled my face, before viciously slapping it away. "You squander the gifts of life!" Blood cries, punching my chest as he does so. It feels as though a boulder crashed into me, and it's all I can do to stay breathing as I collapse into a pool of blood on the ground. He continues, kneeling down on top of my chest as we make eye contact. A slight lean is all it takes to labor my breathing, and my eyes panic as he fails to relent. 

"The [[0. Overview 1 |First]] had believed that blood had power." My breathing has quieted as I realize I might actually die. The spear that had carried me through the last century of fighting had shattered and scattered in the wind. "They truly thought that blood carried memories, or imbued youth, or any number of things." His face was translucent, I finally noticed, with the stars being visible through his hair. As my vision darkened, he placed a finger in my mouth, and filled it with himself. Blood poured through my veins as I snapped back to awareness, revitalized by the overwhelming amount of oxygen. "There," he said, "now your death won't interrupt me." A strength greater than all the armies of Gather fueled me, and I made to rise and dispose of this great evil. 

Blood didn't even notice my attempt. My body refused to move, and though I had strength, it fled from my grasp. Despite the struggle, the living puddle kept talking, ignoring me. 

"Though they were wrong, it's not all lost. Have you ever heard of the idea of uplifting?" Blood stood up and began to pace. I could feel myself sit up and watch him, my muscles out of my control as my blood rebelled. 