---
tags:
  - lucis
  - legend
era: 4
date: 7000
---
Miriam sat down and stared ahead, her eyes open yet unseeing. In front of her, waves crashed against the cliffside, carving out channels of rock and lifting pebbles away into the infinite dark. All of this happened around her, and none of it mattered. Inside her mind were strands, millions, no, billions of them, all connected, all weaving into a tapestry of fate. Each strand bore a name--a distant connection to who-knows-where--a person waiting for something to finally happen to them and change their fate-stricken life. It was desolate in Miriam's mind, unchanging and cruel, and it was just how she liked it.

The pain had yet to fade; a searing network of cabled scars crossed her chest and bore a sigil into her flesh that connected her to the beyond. It was but the first step along her journey. When she was younger, no less than a few hundred years old, she was one of the first to bear witness to the [[Photo Graphs|Dullahan]] in all his glory. She had been sitting on a park bench, watching birds go by, when everything seemed to freeze. The birds began moving, arranging themselves in an arcane form without flapping a feather. It was one of the most beautiful things she had ever seen.

Miriam was no stranger to the conceptual, being one of the first generations to make it to the triple-digits, but this feat was beyond her. To reach out and caress reality without a single soul noticing? It was unparalleled. So she watched, and she focused, and while everyone around her was frozen without even noticing, she caught a glimpse. There were thousands of them, hands in every color and size, reaching out from beyond and fixing the scene. A sphere stared back at her, looking decidedly unhuman as it beheld her glance. She could feel more of the hands on her body, posturing and posing her as she sat without more than a whisper of noise. Even that was only imagined, and as she stared, the silence stared back. 

One of the hands began adjusting her face, and had she been able to cry, sobs would've filled the air. True beauty befell her, the hand cemented in her vision with seven fingers splayed equidistant around an aperture--a tube of pure darkness that reached out to her mind and embraced it. She desperately threw all of her focus at understanding the glory she saw, and felt something call back to her. In her mind's eye lied a series of strings, connected at numerous points until a heptagram presented itself to her; a fragment of the true Photographer, the symbol still evoked a fraction of the fear felt by His present. So she embraced it. Even after the photo was taken, even after everyone around her began to move, she stayed frozen. Miriam cradled the image in her head, and chose to listen to the calling.

On the eve of the next day, one of her friends would stumble upon Miriam, sitting in a bathtub covered in blood. On her torso and across her back stretched that asterisk of fate, lines wrapping around and meeting again in impossible ways. At the center laid a chunk of the True Eye, a shallow vestige of His that still contained its power. The friend collapsed at the sight, dying within minutes as she failed to comprehend what she saw. Miriam was none the wiser, and when she woke, she cast off her humanity and left the planet to contemplate what she had become.

Over 1,000 years had passed. Her body was timeless, and Miriam was immune to the ravages of time. The skin around the carvings had become old and faded, alternating between fresh blood seeping from cracks and ancient scars that seemed nothing more than a memory of the pain she had endured. With the scars came a gift from his repertoire--a chunk of the True Sight that gave Him access to the secrets of the universe. From a young age, Miriam had always focused on the nature of the future, and it was this form which her gift took. Where He witnessed concepts as they bound, she fate. Everything, ranging from bacteria feasting on ambergris to stars crashing into each other light-years away, suffered from fate. She couldn't control it any more than an urchin controls the tides, but she could at least observe.

And observe she did. Miriam stared at the sight for hours, days, decades at a time without moving, without breathing until one would look at the mold and moss covering her and figure that she was dead. Of course, for Miriam, she had never felt more alive. The spectra of fate was in front of her! She just had to reach out and grasp it. At 13:02, more than 7000 years into the Fourth Gathering, Miriam gained insight into fate itself. The universe opened up to her, and she became aware of everything that had happened and everything that must happen. She smiled in her awareness, and kept smiling for the next 20 seconds until her head evaporated and her corpse slumped forward, trembling with joy.

---

Not even three meters away, a silent thud rang over the cliff as a cylinder dropped down. It planted itself in the ground before spindly legs emerged from the top, reaching out and grasping earth to life up the body above the surface. A door opened up along the side, and 14 people walked out. The first ran over to the headless body and felt the wrist for a pulse. Shaking his head, the scientist turned back to the woman trudging from the pod and gave her the bad news. 

"Fuck." Jordan kicked the body onto its back and proceeded to rip the shirt off, ignoring the steam rising up from Miriam's stump of a neck. A mild decapitation shouldn't be enough to kill an aegis of undeath that easily, but here they were. Confirming her suspicions was the sigil of the Photographer, marking Miriam as another of the last few victims. "Looks like we were too late again." This marked over a dozen times in the last month alone that they found a soothsayer left as nothing but a corpse. Each time, the method was the same. Complete decapitation, with any markings, sigils, or tattoos left a corrupted mess. 

Jordan sighed, and took out a pen and paper. Antiquity was the name of the game--anything so as to prevent detection. Not that it had made a difference so far. Around her, devices went up that surrounded the corpse with posts--seven of them in total. Despite the savageness of the sigils, one could only use all the tools presented. The cables between the cameras--mundane kinds, not any of that garbage He used--made a heptagram, and a link to His power was felt throughout the landing. An image assembled itself in the eyes of the beholders, and they stared at the thread shooting up from Miriam. It connected to a distant node, one only identified by its lack of detection. Fate was a slippery thing, after all.

She put ink to parchment and began to write her report.
"Another one is dead. We arrived approximately 2 minutes after death, and 3 after detection. Analysis of Conceptual threads revealed the same link to Fate that was present in the others. Confirmation of prophecy confirmed. Hormones reveal an even mix of joy and trepidation. May we be remembered by those who must."

Jordan threw the pen to the ground and watched as it dissolved harmlessly. By the next rain, nothing would be left. Smoke began to flood from the pod, dissipating within seconds. There was only one thing left to do to erase their p