#legend, #four, #six
%%*A parable about wisdom through ignorance. Aevum Lauren Walks Through a Clouded Mind should be a minor character, though perhaps have her show up in other legends as a character meant to dissuade someone or show them they're over-complicating things. Also, pretty much none of this is accurate.*%%
In the times when names had meaning, and gods walked amongst men, there was one woman in particular who forged her path against all odds. Her name was Lauren. More accurately, it was Aevum Bryn Lauren Walks Through a Clouded Mind, but she wasn't very uptight. She was born on Elysium, one of the 12 grand capitals the Aevuternites found dominion over. As such, she had hair so pale it was almost white, and a deep olive complexion that seemed to glow in its radiance. She was quite tall and lithe, at an astounding 6'1", higher than many Aevuternites within a 50 kilometer radius of her birth. Her parents were very traditional in their ways, and ensured she was born in the vacuum of space, following a geosynchronous orbit directly above her planned childhood home. Whether due to that or some other means, Lauren was known almost entirely for one thing: her luck. It seemed that no small amount of fortune was her companion, as she saw great success in school, life, and her pursuits of anything she wanted. Despite this, she was an absolute, total, incomprehensibly oblivious fool. Despite the world on her string, she was humble to a fault, citing ambition as a source of immorality in the world. She cared deeply about her precious "goodness," and suffered great distress whenever it was violated. It was said that 200 young suitors had voluntarily turned themselves to stone after one made her cry with a particularly lewd comment. 
It came about that through her aging, Lauren maintained the sort of innocence most parents hope their children pretend to have. With every year that added itself to her expectedly long lifespan, her friends and family grew concerned in her total lack of anything approaching common sense. So intense their worry grew that they decided to send her off to see three teachers, revered through the lands for the immense dedication and focus. 

After bidding her family goodbye, Lauren left Elysium, and made towards Sooth, where the first teacher dwelled. A man of great renown, Aevum Lace the Silent Wake of the Law, or Law to those who were closet to him, had so shaped his identity through his time on the Supreme Court of Gather than he became synonymous with the law itself. Surely, Lauren's community thought, he could educate a bright pupil such as herself. When she arrived, her very introduction with him was enough to make the rounds around the entire city of his residence.
"Good evening Aevum Bryn Lauren." Law intoned. "You may know me as Aevum Lace the Silent Wake of the Law, as was my phrasal name adopted in the 120th year of immortality when reality itself was breached, the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Gather, the founder of the great planet Licit, and the Grand Unifier of Aevum." Lauren of course only answered him with a blank look, before deciding her response.
"Afternoon Law!" It was perhaps the first lashing she had received in her life. Regardless, Law began instructing her in the law, imparting knowledge on to her impressionable young mind in a display not seen for over a millennia since Law was the master to a young Associate Justice of the Supreme Court, 30 or so generations removed from his current pupil. Certainly, the onlookers thought, this must work. For everyone who was anyone in the realms of Aevum at that time had heard of Lauren, and her Name had become most renowned despite her young stature. For that reason, but not that alone, she was all the more stubborn in her fecklessness. Law was obsessed with loopholes, as any self-respecting Aevuternite was, and so it drove him mad to see Lauren's cavalier outlook upon the great legal systems that governed Gather.
"Lauren, I would like you to deliver twelve ounces of Sharp to the address here," Law told her one day, giving Lauren a slip of paper with instructions of pickup.
"I've got it!" Lauren cried out, "It's a test! Despite me not purchasing any, possession of Sharp is strictly against the law."
With a harsh sigh, Law slapped Lauren across the face, which she ignored; it was only a half-liter of blood after all. After the dogs had finished licking it up from the scorched stone where it fell, she latched her eyes onto her mentor's face. 
"You moron." Law said, before walking away. "You have a skintight legal defense. Due to the area being a protected commercial zone for imports and exports, there's no legal ground for conviction, scilicet, they lose all pretense of arrest if you have ambassadorial status. Such a thing would be easy to claim, and even assuming they do search you, there's only flimsy grounds for a warrant, forcing their evidence's invalidity."
"But master," Lauren questioned, "it's still illegal even if you aren't convicted, right?"
Law had failed her. Without another word, he wrote off the 30 years of training and decided that Lauren was past redemption. The sheer lack of ambition in her was more than he could overcome. With an extraordinarily light heart, he exiled her from his home and bid her to never come back. 
After a tearful (and one-sided) farewell from Lauren, as well as promises to visit, she continued unto the next great teacher for which her parents had arranged parlay.

Thankfully, there were only four casualties during the trip, and Lauren made it safely (minus a finger) to the moon Thunnus, named for its lovely fish. For of all things, Lauren's next teacher was said to be the greatest fisherman alive. Her mind would become more still than the very waters she fished in, and many would come watch as she systemically emptied the oceans. Of course, Fidelis Jones Twelve Second Percussion Solo hated being disturbed, and would throw a hook through anyone who so much as breathed to use them as bait for her repeated casting. Lauren, predictably, was sent under the depths to be fish food dozens of times in the first day. Every time a creature would come curiously to investigate, she merely greeted it happily; the very thought of it wanting to harm her never crossed her mind. The fish, of course, didn't care what she thought, but they gave her a wide berth due to her awkwardness. Eventually, Perc got so fed up with Lauren's refusal to die that she told her to meditate underwater for 27 hours straight (the length of a Thunnusian day). Lauren, of course, obeyed with a fervor Perc had never seen from anyone, and came up 27 hours later. Many of the onlookers witnessed this astonishing feat, and several cut the soles of their feet off in an act of worship; Lauren simply asked them to put them back on and turned back to Perc with anticipation. Finally, after the ordeal of a week she put Lauren through, Perc agreed to teach her. 
Lauren's training started with fishing, since that was Perc's specialty. When Lauren sent her line down into the depths of the ocean from a small platform constructed for that purpose, it took less than a second for a fish to bite. Lauren, being extraordinarily lucky, managed to reel in a 17 meter gigabass the likes of which had never been seen in recorded history. So it was that Perc was lynched, and every one of her watchers went to witness more of Lauren's feats. Until, of course, with a pleasant grin, Lauren threw the bass back into the waters. Even the mourning calls of the spectators couldn't stop her from babbling at her master.
"I did it!" Lauren said, exuberantly. "I caught one. Do I keep going?" 
"Fool!" Perc shouted, hobbling over whilst yelling nonstop, "do you realize what you've done?" Perhaps the greatest accomplishment a fisher could hope to make had been released into the ocean, and Perc couldn't fathom why.
"Is it not cruel to kill living creatures for sport? Isn't that the complete opposite of what the Founder intended when they sent us off to establish empire?" Lauren's words quested.
Perc barked out a vicious laugh, "No you idiot!" After beating Lauren with her fishing pole, which she had been using as a cane from the lynching, Perc continued. "What is the purpose of empire if not to conquer?" This, of course, was an obvious perspective from the master of dominion herself, yet the wisdom was wasted on Lauren. 
"Is the purpose of empire not to enrich others and bring peace?" Perc realized then the solution to Lauren's problems of suppliance! In a manner most according to her nature, she viciously beat Lauren for thirteen and a half hours straight. Following that, she took Lauren to the highest peak of Thunnus and had her look out over the entirety of the moon's oceans. Perc spoke harshly.
"Look around at all the splendor of this one moon! I want you to glimpse upon this majesty and contemplate the exactness of your control over it, the very firmness of your grasp on nature! With your abilities, my apprentice, you can hold dominion over the entire universe!" 
"But master," Lauren argued. "Why would I want to do that." At this point, Perc became so fed up that the oceans in a ten kilometer radius around the pair boiled; the steam turned the entire moon into a sauna, and the boiled fish was enough to feed all of the disciples who came to the planet. Still, Lauren wouldn't relent in her stupidity. 
With that, Perc took Lauren out into the center of the ocean and said she wouldn't be allowed to leave until she could make the very waters of Thunnus bend to her will and escort her off. This was a most unpleasant conundrum for Lauren, as she hated the thought of subjugating even the inanimate waters of a forsaken moon. It took Lauren only 10 short years to come up with a solution, however, to her master's ire. She asked politely if the waters and fish in the sea would be willing to take her to the mainland, and they were so surprised by her pleasant inquiry that they took her to the shore immediately. Upon hearing of this, Perc gave up in awful resignation, and proclaimed Lauren was doomed to waste away as a slave to others' desires. A similar parting occurred, with Perc being held back so as not to kill Lauren, and Lauren tearfully wishing her best friend of the last decade goodbye.

There was one more teacher, and everyone invested in Lauren's journey sorely hoped it would be ethe last. Surely, they thought, with the gifts of the law and understanding of domination, she must be aware of her own capability! It was thus that she came to the third teacher, the greatest archer known to exist! Novus Mahdi Dabir Exiting (a simple Name, yet one of great power) greeted her as she landed. He was determined more than anyone else to instill sense into this poor girl that came into his tutelage so listless, and as such, decided on the strictest training of them all. He first made her sit in an tiny room for 7 years, where she listened to an orator recite the great tales of military conquest. In the meantime, he carved out for her a grand battlefield, some 40 kilometers by 20 kilometers encased within a mountain range, using only the palms of his hands (to warm up for the suffering that came from teaching). Once her first stage of training was complete, he proceeded to spend the next 15 years putting Lauren through all the rigors of fitness. Her hands bled, and she lost 7 or 8 limbs across the way, but it was nothing that rest and determination couldn't fix! Despite her utter lack of ambition, Lauren had decided she would try her hardest to satisfy her friends and family on this last endeavor, despite that being the opposite mindset she should have felt. Lauren became proficient in all the ways of archery and some of the ways of armed and unarmed content. Next, Dale brought Gather's best military minds, including the eponymic people who became bound to a concept more intensely than anyone before. From here, Lauren spent 4 years, an admittedly short amount of time, learning strategy from them. Finally, with great satisfaction, Dale threw Lauren on the battlefield. 
Lauren proved to be one of the best strategic minds in the history of Gather. Her lessons had seeped into her minds, and she understood how to use loopholes and subversion in warfare, how to expertly control a battle, and how to take the head off of ten soldiers using a single arrow from a kilometer away! Her military feats, albeit simulated, were so well-renowned that people began enlisting in the training for the sole purpose of seeing her in action.
After 10 years of glorious conquest, maintaining an iron rule upon the grand battlefield Dale had carved, Lauren went to Dale one night to talk.
"Master," she said, "I have done all that you've wished. I've learned the rules of battle, instilled loyalty in my followers, and kept myself in perfect physical condition. Have I not succeeded?" Fending off two assassination attempts while she talked (both of whom were happy to have been slain by the great Lauren herself), Lauren seemed almost pitiful in her seeking for acceptance.
Dale smiled coldly. "Lauren," he began, "if you had truly succeeded, you wouldn't seek my approval." Lauren only stared in confusion.
"I question thee." Lauren said, and only spake when Dale indicated she go on. "If I am not to seek your approval, then why do I fight."
With barely contained rage, Dale hissed out a response: "You fight not for approval, but for the glory of conquest! For the fighting itself! Do you not feel the burning spark of ambition to do something with your life??" Upon seeing Lauren's hesitation, Dale pulled out his sword and charged, invoking a fight to the death.
After 13 long years of fighting, mostly one-sided as Dale tried to kill his failed prodigy, Lauren inadvertently succeeded in destruction when he jumped into a warning shot Lauren had aimed at him. It's said that Dale's smile was the most pure to have been seen since the Founder himself had formed Gather. At Dale's funeral, amongst the millions who showed up to see off the famed warrior with a talent unmatched by anyone except Lauren (who would surely squander it as she did all else), it was said that Lauren cried the loudest out of anyone, and her grief was only squashed by a gigantic choir joining her in melodic screeching until her throat became raw. She was nigh inconsolable with the guilt, and wouldn't even watch when Dale's funeral planet was brought into orbit next to a black hole, where he would rest forever. 

Lauren returned home to Elysium, where even through her grief her beauty astonished all who lived on the planet. Her family and friends greeted her disappointed, as she was still the humble girl who had left almost a century ago. She used the grand donations from those who pitied her to buy a small continent for herself. In traditional Lauren fashion, she made only a modest house for herself, and used the rest to create a grand society for those less fortunate, of which she announced would be owned by the people as to ensure equality. Of this was born Cybele, one of the so-called Great Works of the Fourth Gathering, whose Name was associated with beauty and mutual respect; it's nature reserves were renowned through the Universe. Her parents, of course, were mad that she decided not to make her citizens swear fealty to her, and would have given up on their child had it not been for their immeasurable love for her. As such, Lauren drifted the universe listlessly, seeking to fulfill her parents wish by finding a source of ambition for her life.